
November 23, 2016
NVIDIA Foundation Awards $400,000 to Two Trailblazers in Cancer Research
Hand-to-hand combat with cancer. That describes how two research teams are approaching their fight, using accelerated computing to battle the disease at the most basic levels of human biology. Each group will receive $200,000 from the NVIDIA ...

November 22, 2016
NVIDIA’s Lens Matched Shading Technology Takes Everest VR to New Heights
When we launched our Pascal architecture we introduced a bevy of technological advancements that were created to deliver a new level of presence and immersion for virtual reality. We packaged them up for the creators of VR games and experiences as ...

November 21, 2016
NASA Program Deploys Deep Learning to Ward Off Asteroid Attack
NASA’s efforts to find life in the far reaches of the universe draw significant attention. Less known is a recent agency program to prevent asteroids from ending life here on Earth. Three teams of researchers using GPU-powered deep learning spent ...

November 19, 2016
City of Angels: NVIDIA-Powered Cars Unveiled at the Los Angeles Auto Show
Celebrities, palm trees, and beaches help make Los Angeles an iconic city. But what really makes it special is its love for cars. Every year, tens of thousands attend the Los Angeles Auto Show to get a glimpse of what they’ll be ogling on Sunset ...

November 18, 2016
Sleepless in Salt Lake: Tesla P100 Powers Winning Team in Student Cluster Competition
Simple lesson: If you want to win the granddaddy of student supercomputing competitions, sleep is optional. So, occasionally, is power. Our NVIDIA Tesla Accelerated Computing Platform isn’t. Thanks to a system design that put more NVIDIA GPUs into ...

November 17, 2016
Booth or Dare: Our Show Within a Show at SC16
We put together a supercomputing conference inside this week’s SC16 supercomputing conference, hosting a series of talks at our booth that had the event’s record 14,000 attendees crowding the aisles and craning their necks for a chance to learn ...

November 16, 2016
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Event for Financial Community
SANTA CLARA, CA - NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) will present at the following event for the financial community:

November 16, 2016
NVIDIA Tesla P100 Available on Google Cloud Platform
NVIDIA Tesla P100 and K80 GPUs will be available on Google Cloud Platform, starting early next year. Delivering the power of our Pascal GPU architecture from the cloud gives businesses another great option for helping to put their data to work and ...

November 15, 2016
Get Ready: Unreal Engine 4 Support for NVIDIA Ansel Available Now
NVIDIA and Epic Games are giving developers and gamers amazing new ways to capture in-game photographs with the integration of NVIDIA Ansel into the main branch of Unreal Engine 4.14. Ansel is a revolutionary virtual camera that allows you to ...

November 15, 2016
The Future Is Now: See How Things Get Made at Autodesk University
The future of design will be on display at Autodesk University, in Las Vegas this week, where you’ll find NVIDIA technology powering the latest engineering tools and design applications. Together with Autodesk, we’re forging new trends in immersive ...

December 07, 2016
Man, Machine and Medicine: Mass General Researchers Using AI
A team from the Massachusetts General Hospital was among the researchers talking about how they’re using AI at GTC DC earlier this year. The Mass General researchers joined colleagues from across the healthcare industry to help tell the story of how ...

December 06, 2016
Hollywood Meetup Pulls Back Curtain on Cinematic VR
Virtual reality is taking Hollywood by storm. From cinematic VR experiences based on The Martian and Wild, to new VR categories at major film festivals and awards programs, it’s clear VR is changing how content is created, distributed and enjoyed. ...

December 06, 2016
NVIDIA Delivers AI Supercomputer to Berkeley
NVIDIA CEO Jen-Hsun Huang delivered our NVIDIA DGX-1 AI supercomputer in a box to the UC Berkeley AI Research Lab The post NVIDIA Delivers AI Supercomputer to Berkeley appeared first on The Official NVIDIA Blog.

December 05, 2016
Project Inspire Blurs Line Between Work, Fun
Don’t get between NVIDIA founder Chris Malachowsky and his morning coffee. When he arrived at Oak Grove High School in San Jose, Calif. — where more than 700 volunteers had gathered Friday to spruce up the campus — he found himself parked just on ...

December 05, 2016
Deep Learning Pioneer Yann Lecun and NVIDIA DLI Announce Teaching Kit for University Professors
With demand for graduates with AI skills booming, we’ve released the NVIDIA Deep Learning Teaching Kit to help educators give their students hands on experience with GPU-accelerated computing. The kit — co-developed with deep-learning pioneer Yann ...

December 02, 2016
Catch Us at Gartner’s Data Center Conference Next Week
A GPU-accelerated data center is a key competitive advantage, NVIDIA’s Jim McHugh will tell attendees at Gartner’s Data Center, Infrastructure, & Operations Management Conference, in Las Vegas next week. McHugh, who serves as VP and GM of Enterprise ...

November 30, 2016
Anchors Away: We’re Launching an AI Podcast, Here’s How to Tune In
Few things are more interesting than good conversation. And, right now, few things are more worthy of a good conversation than AI. Driven by deep learning — a technology that’s mysterious even to some of the people who have conjured it — AI is ...

November 28, 2016
Titan Supercomputer Hunting for Better Biofuel in Massive Molecular Simulation
Henry Ford once called ethanol “the fuel of the future.” That day may be moving closer, thanks to the Tesla GPU-accelerated Titan supercomputer at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. A corn-derived biofuel, ethanol has the potential to be a widely used ...

November 26, 2016
How VR Training Keeps Fighter Pilots on Top of Their Game
Virtual reality is all the craze today. It’s come a long way since its start in the 1920s. Yes, it’s been nearly 100 years since the development of the world’s first flight simulator, designed as a training device for novice pilots. Today, VR is ...

November 25, 2016
Happier Holidays: Deep Learning Startup Makes Gift Giving Smarter
The brother-in-law with the personality of a doorknob. The teenager who lives to text. The person who already seems to have it all. There’s always at least one on everybody’s holiday shopping list: the person who’s impossible to buy for. Now, ...

December 21, 2016
AxonVR Brings Lifelike Touch to Virtual Reality Using NVIDIA PhysX
By Jake Rubin, Founder & CEO, AxonVR; and Zvi Greenstein, NVIDIA Six months ago, most people would have had to look up the word “haptics.” Now, it seems to be on everyone’s lips in the world of VR and AR. So what does “haptics” really mean? And what ...

December 20, 2016
Hello Kitty: How Pictures of Cats Help Computers Read Chest X-Rays
Dr. Alvin Rajkomar remembers the exact moment he realized how urgently he needed a faster way to read patients’ medical images. His patient in the intensive care unit of University of California at San Francisco Medical Center was showing signs of a ...

December 15, 2016
VR Funhouse Redecorates for Winter
Maybe you don’t live where it snows. Maybe you hate the cold. Maybe you realize playing with actual ice cannons is a little, you know, irresponsible. The new Winter Wonderland-themed mod for NVIDIA VR Funhouse, our free-to-play VR game, has just ...

December 14, 2016
Just Scroll with It: AI Could Reveal Text on Ancient Papyrus Buried by Vesuvius
When Mount Vesuvius buried Pompeii in volcanic ash more than 2,000 years ago, it also buried a library of scrolls in the nearby town of Herculaneum that scholars have struggled to read since their discovery more than 250 years ago. But Herculaneum, ...

December 14, 2016
AI for Hobbyists: DIYers Use Deep Learning to Shoo Cats, Harass Ants
Robots recklessly driving cheap electric kiddie cars. Autonomous machines shining lasers at ants — and spraying water at bewildered cats — for the amusement of cackling grandchildren. Hobbyists are just getting started with deep-learning ...

December 13, 2016
Digital Green Thumb: How AI Helps Farmers Combat Plant Disease
Born of research in the Amazon forest, the Plantix mobile app is helping farmers on three continents quickly identify plant diseases using artificial intelligence. For several years in the Brazilian rain forest, a team of young German researchers ...

December 09, 2016
GeForce Grabs eSports Grand Slam
With our spot at this weekend’s Boston Major, we’re capping a year where GeForce GTX earned a place at each of this year’s four biggest professional gaming events. The Boston Major DotA 2 championship features 16 of the world’s top ranked pro teams, ...

December 09, 2016
NVIDIANs Assemble for 10th Annual Project Inspire
Nearly 1,650 volunteers assembled at Oak Grove High School in San Jose, Calif., last weekend for Project Inspire, our annual community service event. Project Inspire – now in its 10th year – has grown from a one-day 500-person event to a two-day ...

December 09, 2016
NVIDIA GPUs Speed Nickelodeon’s Animation Workflow on Albert
Albert is Nickelodeon’s first original animated TV movie, telling the story of a tiny Douglas fir tree named Albert who loves Christmas and dreams of being the Empire City Christmas tree. The movie premieres tonight at 7 pm Eastern/Pacific. Albert ...

December 07, 2016
AI Podcast: Where Is Deep Learning Going Next?
We’ll know AI really works when we hardly notice it at all, according to Bryan Catanzaro, a key figure in the field. “AI gets better and better until it kind of disappears into the background,” says Catanzaro — NVIDIA’s head of applied deep learning ...

January 04, 2017
Transportation Supplier ZF and NVIDIA Announce AI-Based Self-Driving System for Cars, Trucks, Commercial Vehicles
LAS VEGAS, NV - ZF, one of the industry's largest automotive suppliers and top supplier to Europe's trucking industry, today launched the ZF ProAI self-driving system, based on the NVIDIA DRIVE™ PX 2 AI car computer, for cars, trucks and other ...

January 04, 2017
ZF Launches ProAI, Production DRIVE PX 2 Self-Driving System for Cars, Trucks, Factories
One of the industry’s largest automotive suppliers, ZF, today launched the AIPro self-driving system, based on our NVIDIA DRIVE PX 2 AI car computer, for cars, trucks and factories. Speaking at a packed press event at CES Wednesday morning, ZF’s CEO ...

January 03, 2017
What to Look for from NVIDIA at CES 2017
We’ll be bringing our vision to a global audience this week at the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. On Wednesday, Our founder and CEO, Jen-Hsun Huang, will give the opening keynote address Wednesday, Jan. 4, at 6:30 pm Pacific. ...

January 03, 2017
Brain Game: How GPUs Help People with Disabilities Race Using Brain Signals
GPUs aren’t quite ready to help people with severe disabilities shed their wheelchairs, but they’ve helped researchers take a big step closer. At this fall’s Cybathlon — dubbed the world’s first “bionic Olympics,” and held in Zurich — a team of 40 ...

December 28, 2016
Watch NVIDIA Kick Off CES 2017 Live from Las Vegas
Our founder and CEO, Jen-Hsun Huang, will take the stage to give the opening keynote address at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas Wednesday, January 4, at 6:30 pm Pacific. CES will draw more than 165,000 attendees, include 2.4 million ...

December 28, 2016
Hear, Hear: How Deep Learning Is Reinventing Hearing Aids
DeLiang Wang was in college when his mother began to lose her hearing in the 1980s. Today, she struggles to listen to and participate in a conversation, even with her hearing aids. Dinners with her large family are frustrating and, often, ...

December 27, 2016
Sunny Days for AI: How Deep Learning Changes Market for Solar-Powered Homes
Talk about solar-powered homes and the discussion quickly swerves to tax breaks, loans and other tools that help consumers cover equipment costs. But price isn’t the big hold-up, according to the founders of Oakland, Calif.-based startup PowerScout. ...

December 23, 2016
AI Flips Kanye West's Frown Upside Down, Turns Taylor Swift Terrifying
Tom White doesn’t care if you have anything to smile about this holiday season. The New Zealand researcher’s deep learning smile bot brings joy to the world by putting a happy face on a picture of anyone — naughty or nice. Thanks to White’s ...

December 23, 2016
NVIDIAN Harnesses 100,000 Christmas Lights to Further Austin Toy Drive
Some prepare for Christmas by trimming trees, stuffing stockings and building a gingerbread house or two. That’s kids’ play for Lee Franzen, a senior program manager at NVIDIA’s Austin, Texas, office. Lee begins planning his dazzling, ...

December 22, 2016
Let Loose the Autonomoose: Canada’s First Self-Driving Car Hits the Roads
Canada has joined the ranks of countries aiming to increase road safety and ease traffic congestion with the development of self-driving cars. Recently a vehicle dubbed the Autonomoose autonomously drove a crew of Ontario Ministry of Transportation ...

January 04, 2017
NVIDIA CES Keynote Sets Out Future of Gaming, TV, Transportation
NVIDIA shared its vision for reinventing gaming, TV and transportation at the CES opening keynote Wednesday, underscoring our leadership in AI, deep learning, gaming and automotive. As well as unveiling our vision for the AI car — with support from ...

January 04, 2017
NVIDIA, AUDI Partner to Put World's Most Advanced AI Car on Road by 2020
CES -- NVIDIA and Audi today shifted their decade-long partnership into high gear, announcing that they are collaborating to put advanced AI cars on the road starting in 2020.

January 04, 2017
Self-Driving Car Demo Like No Other: The Road to an Unforgettable Cup of Coffee
CES has featured self-driving car demos before but nothing like NVIDIA’s own self-driving car, affectionately known as BB8. The nearly 3,000 attendees at our opening keynote got a peek at BB8, which is outfitted with our DRIVE PX 2 AI self-driving ...

January 04, 2017
HERE, NVIDIA Partner on AI Technology for HD Mapping from Cloud to Car
LAS VEGAS, NV - CES -- With their sights set on a driverless future, HERE and NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) today extended their collaboration to develop HERE HD Live Map into the industry-leading real-time, high-definition mapping solution for autonomous ...

January 04, 2017
NVIDIA and ZENRIN Collaborate on AI-Powered HD Mapping for Japan
LAS VEGAS, NV - CES -- NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) today announced that it is collaborating with ZENRIN, Japan's leading mapping company, to develop a cloud-to-car HD map solution for self-driving cars.

January 04, 2017
CES 2017: Get Your Game on with SHIELD TV
When it comes to gaming, our new SHIELD TV media streamer stands alone. It offers 3x the performance of any other streamer on the market and more gaming capabilities. SHIELD can stream multiplayer games from the cloud, and it offers 4K HDR casting ...

January 04, 2017
The AI Home, Coming to a TV Near You
Turn down the lights. Raise the temperature. Make some popcorn. Play your favorite TV show. The new SHIELD TV, introduced during the opening keynote at CES in Las Vegas, puts your world at your command. SHIELD is the first streamer to offer ...

January 04, 2017
NVIDIA Launches New SHIELD TV, The Most Advanced Streamer
SHIELD Powers New NVIDIA AI Home Platform, Integrating Google Assistant for TV, SmartThings Hub, NVIDIA SPOT AI Mic
CES -- NVIDIA today unveiled the new NVIDIA® SHIELD™ TV -- an Android open-platform media streamer built on bleeding-edge visual computing technology that delivers unmatched experiences in streaming, gaming and AI.

January 04, 2017
NVIDIA Expands GeForce Gaming to Millions More PCs and Macs
New GeForce NOW Service Instantly Connects Gamers to High-Performance Gaming Machines in the Cloud
LAS VEGAS, NV - CES -- NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) today unveiled the new NVIDIA® GeForce NOW™ service, which delivers on demand a high-performance NVIDIA Pascal™ gaming PC from the cloud to millions of PC and Mac computers.

January 04, 2017
CES 2017 Live: NVIDIA CEO Jen-Hsun Huang Keynote
NVIDIA CEO Jen-Hsun Huang will get things rolling at CES 2017, in Las Vegas, tonight at 6:30 pm Pacific. We won’t spoil any of the CES surprises. But stay tuned. We’ll be live blogging throughout the event. Hit refresh on your browser for updates. ...

January 12, 2017
AI Podcast Episode 5: How Deep Learning Will Reshape Our Cities
Deep learning promises to do more than just reshape city streets, thanks to autonomous vehicles. It can help put expensive infrastructure where it’s needed most. It can automate the generation of zoning laws that ensure more liveable, walkable ...

January 11, 2017
CES 2017: NVIDIA Racks Up Two Dozen Awards and Counting
They say you can win so much you get tired of winning. Well, we just won 26 awards at the annual International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas — for everything from dazzling new 4K G-SYNC HDR monitors to our sophisticated PilotNet automotive ...

January 11, 2017
NVIDIA’s High School Intern Builds Robots With Jetson TX1
Most high school students save their summers for vacations, trips to the beach and generally steering clear from school. Not so for Prat Prem Sankar. He spent last summer exploring deep learning, cultivating mentors and building humanoid robots with ...

January 11, 2017
New Quadro-Powered Mobile Workstations Provide Ultimate Creative Freedom
Professional designers, engineers and content creators can now wield the incredible power of our latest Quadro GPUs anywhere they want to work — and experience the ultimate creative freedom. Dell, HPI, Lenovo, MSI and Fujitsu are all introducing ...

January 10, 2017
CES 2017: NVIDIA-Powered AI Cars Take Over CES
The annual Consumer Electronics Show, in Las Vegas has become the best place to learn about what’s coming to cars. This year, however, the wild new capabilities rolling through CES, and into the auto industry, went from an open secret to headline ...

January 09, 2017
CES 2017: AI Comes to World's Largest Tech Show
CES has been a bellwether of technology trends for five decades. From the first pocket radios and VCRs and video game consoles in its early days, to the PC revolution in the ’90s, to the mobile revolution that put the internet in our pockets and ...

January 09, 2017
Facing the Truth: AI Tells You How Old You Look — and What to Do About It
I can’t handle the truth. I’ve long clung fast to the fantasy that age has made only the faintest etchings on my youthful looks. Then I tried Olay’s new artificial intelligence skin care tool, which uses deep learning to evaluate facial skin age and ...

January 06, 2017
Mercedes-Benz and NVIDIA Announce Partnership for AI Car Technology
Mercedes-Benz and NVIDIA today at the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas announced a partnership to bring an NVIDIA AI-powered car to market. The news broke during the Mercedes Benz Inspiration talk at CES 2017 featuring NVIDIA ...

January 06, 2017
NVIDIA DRIVE Car Computer Drawing Throngs at CES
There are car guys and there are car guys. People who enjoy cars, and people who build cars. And if you step inside our booth at the 2017 International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, you’ll find a lot of people who know more than a few ...

January 05, 2017
PC Gaming Thriving: GeForce Revenue Doubles, 30 New Laptops to Ship in Q1
The PC is the driving force defining the future of gaming, and 2016 delivered in spades. It’s no shock that the action was focused on PCs. It’s the most open, customizable, scalable gaming platform – the home of passionate fans. Where the limits of ...

January 27, 2017
KLM Customer Service Reps Avoid Turbulence in Social Media with AI Tool
Delays can be excruciating when you’re trying to change a flight by chat, figure out a return policy online or get a retailer to answer your questions via Twitter. But that could soon change. A leading indicator: KLM Royal Dutch Airlines has become ...

January 26, 2017
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for Fourth-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of Call
NVIDIA will host a conference call on Thursday, Feb. 9 at 2 p.m. PT (5 p.m. ET) to discuss its financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2017, ending Jan. 29, 2017.

January 25, 2017
AI Podcast: Bias in AI
It’s easy to think of AI as cold, unbiased, objective. Not quite, suggests Narrative Science Chief Scientist Kris Hammond explains in a conversation about the surprising sorts of bias that can be found in AI. The post AI Podcast: Bias in AI appeared ...

January 25, 2017
Getting Out of Line: AI Lets Shoppers Avoid Long Waits at Checkout
Two startups are using artificial intelligence to invent the future of checkout in grocery stores and cafeterias — one with no lines.

January 24, 2017
Clever Collaboration: Cisco Spark Board, Powered by NVIDIA Jetson, Takes Teamwork to New Heights
Whether across the room or across the ocean, collaboration just got a whole lot easier with today’s launch of the Cisco Spark Board, a 55-inch, 4K, all-in-1 device that enables screen sharing, interactive whiteboarding and video conferencing. The ...

January 19, 2017
The Amazon Bursts Into Life in VR at Sundance Festival, Powered by Quadro Pascal
The storytelling pioneers behind Giant — a first-of-its-kind VR narrative that blew away audiences at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival — are heading back to the festival’s New Frontier program with another remarkable production. Giant let viewers ...

January 18, 2017
AI Podcast: How AI Turns Kiddie Cars Into Fast and Frugal Autonomous Racers
Take brains, a few hundred bones and a pink Barbie jeep. What have you got? A new sport filled with f-words -- fast, furious, frugal. The post AI Podcast: How AI Turns Kiddie Cars Into Fast and Frugal Autonomous Racers appeared first on The Official ...

January 18, 2017
NVIDIA Names Tim Teter as General Counsel
NVIDIA today announced that it has named Tim Teter as senior vice president, general counsel and company secretary, effective Jan. 23.

January 18, 2017
Mortal Combat: Getting Ahead of Flu Viruses with GPUs
A modern twist on a World War II combat method is aiding the fight against the deadly Ebola virus — and could help avoid a catastrophic influenza pandemic. Eric Jakobsson from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and the National Center ...

January 13, 2017
From Audi to ZF: Four NVIDIA-Powered Things You Won’t Want to Miss at the Detroit Auto Show
Automation, entertainment, and in-vehicle technology are creating so much buzz at this year’s this year’s North American International Auto Show (NAIAS) — also known as the Detroit Auto Show — that it’s starting to look like a consumer electronics ...

February 13, 2017
NVIDIA Named to Fast Company’s '50 Most Innovative Companies' List
NVIDIA is included for the first time in Fast Company magazine’s annual list of the world’s 50 Most Innovative Companies. Fast Company’s March issue cites NVIDIA’s DRIVE PX 2 system, and our latest generation of Pascal GPUs, which provide ...

February 10, 2017
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
SANTA CLARA, CA - NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community:

February 09, 2017
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2017
NVIDIA today reported revenue for the fourth quarter ended January 29, 2017, of $2.17 billion, up 55 percent from $1.40 billion a year earlier, and up 8 percent from $2.00 billion in the previous quarter.

February 09, 2017
Get a Chance to Share Your Cutting-Edge AR and VR Innovations with the World at GTC
Have a great idea for augmented or virtual reality? Here’s your chance to share it with the world — and even win $30,000 in cash and prizes. The VR Content Showcase is an incredible opportunity for 10 startups, universities or individuals to gain ...

February 08, 2017
Creating New Drugs, Faster: How AI Promises to Speed Drug Development
Alzheimer’s. Cancer. Parkinson’s. These devastating diseases are just a few of the hundreds that scientists are struggling to cure with new medicines in the face of soaring drug-discovery costs and testing times. Now, artificial intelligence is ...

February 07, 2017
Real or Rendered: Step Into the Future of Immersive Design at SOLIDWORKS World
Deep learning, photorealism and virtual reality — and the massive datasets that come with them — are huge hurdles for engineering and design workflows. We’ll be demonstrating what’s newly possible for professionals working with computer-aided ...

February 05, 2017
NVIDIA Powers New Class of Supercomputing Workstations with Breakthrough Capabilities for Design and Engineering
Latest NVIDIA Quadro Pascal GPUs, Led by High-end GP100, Streamline Visualization, Simulation and VR Workflows
SOLIDWORKS World -- NVIDIA today introduced a range of Quadro® products, all based on its Pascal™ architecture, that transform desktop workstations into supercomputers with breakthrough capabilities for professional workflows across many industries.

February 04, 2017
AI Podcast: How AI Can Create Better Beer, Yummier Chocolate
Whether brewing crisp lagers or creating a new candy bar, flavor is a fickle thing. And that’s a big business problem for the food and beverage industry. On this week’s edition of the NVIDIA AI Podcast we talk to Jason Cohen, founder of Analytical ...

February 03, 2017
World Cancer Day: Three Ways We’re Fighting Cancer
Your mother. Your colleague. Maybe even your child. We all know someone cancer has touched. That person might even be you. Two of five people in the United States will be diagnosed with cancer in their lifetime, according to the U.S. National Cancer ...

February 02, 2017
New England vs. Atlanta: AI's Predicted Winner May Surprise You
With Sunday’s big game around the corner, you may be wondering how to outsmart your co-workers to win the office pool. You could stick with the Las Vegas line, which has New England favored to win by three. You could go with the theory that says ...

February 28, 2017
NVIDIA Announces GameWorks DX12
NVIDIA Brings World's Most Advanced Real-Time Simulation and Rendering Technologies to DX12, Raising Game Realism to New Levels
Game Developers Conference -- NVIDIA today announced GameWorks™ DX12, a collection of resources for game developers that will increase realism and shorten product cycles in titles designed using DirectX 12, Microsoft's API that unifies graphics and ...

February 28, 2017
More Than a Feeling: FCAT VR Measures the Quality of Your VR Experience
Bad VR is easy to spot. But it can be hard to understand. At the Game Developers Conference this week in San Francisco, we’re releasing a new Frame Capture Analysis Tool for VR (FCAT VR) to help VR developers, press, and enthusiasts analyze the ...

February 28, 2017
NVIDIA Introduces the Beastly GeForce GTX 1080 Ti -- Fastest Gaming GPU Ever
Ultimate GeForce GPU Offers Extreme Gaming Performance, Faster Than TITAN X Pascal
Game Developers Conference -- Crowning its award-winning lineup of Pascal™ architecture-based GPUs, NVIDIA today unveiled its fastest gaming GPU ever -- the GeForce® GTX 1080 Ti.

February 24, 2017
AI a Highlight at Our Biggest Game Developers Conference Yet
PC gaming is bigger than ever. That’s why this is our biggest Game Developers Conference yet. We’ll be at the show Feb. 27 to March 3 at San Francisco’s Moscone Center working with, training and meeting developers like you. Artificial intelligence ...

February 23, 2017
Hackathons to Train New Generation on GPU Accelerated Computing
If you’re willing to learn fast, here’s your chance to see your code run fast. The Oak Ridge National Laboratory has organized a series of five hackathons to help people learn how to accelerate their projects with GPUs. The event’s organizers are ...

February 23, 2017
Tree’s Company: AI Maps Biological Riches of the Rainforest
If a tree falls in Peru’s rainforest, Greg Asner can tell you what kind it was. Asner, an ecologist at the Carnegie Institution for Science and Stanford University, uses artificial intelligence and a powerful spectral imaging method to map the ...

February 17, 2017
Brain Trust: How AI Is Helping Surgeons Improve Tumor Diagnosis
If there’s ever a time you want to spend less time under the knife, it’s during brain surgery. Artificial intelligence could help doctors diagnose brain tumors more quickly and more accurately, according to a new study by researchers at the ...

February 16, 2017
Tokyo Tech to Build Japan’s Fastest AI Supercomputer Using NVIDIA’s Accelerated Computing Platform
Tokyo Institute of Technology today announced plans to create Japan’s fastest AI supercomputer, built on NVIDIA’s accelerated computing platform. The new system, known as TSUBAME3.0, is expected to deliver more than two times the performance of its ...

February 15, 2017
From Ocean Depths to Alien Worlds: Quadro Again Powers Every Film Up for Best VFX Oscar
The Academy Award for best visual effects has been a mainstay of the Oscars since 1977. But that was just the first time the award was formally called that. “Wings” earned the earliest official recognition for “engineering effects” 50 years earlier. ...

February 14, 2017
Winning the Cybersecurity Cat and Mouse Game with AI
Cybersecurity is a cat-and-mouse game. And the mouse always has the upper hand. That’s because it’s so easy for new malware to go undetected. Eli David, an expert in computational intelligence, wants to use AI to change that. He’s CTO of Deep ...

March 08, 2017
NVIDIA and Microsoft Boost AI Cloud Computing with Launch of Industry-Standard Hyperscale GPU Accelerator
NVIDIA with Microsoft today unveiled blueprints for a new hyperscale GPU accelerator to drive AI cloud computing.

March 07, 2017
Surrounded By AI Devices that Do Everything from Flying to Farming, NVIDIA Launches Jetson TX2
Powerful factory robots. Commercial drones. Smart cameras. NVIDIA Tuesday unveiled the NVIDIA Jetson TX2, a credit card-sized platform that puts AI computing to work in the world all around us. Over the past five years, the mobile revolution has ...

March 07, 2017
NVIDIA Jetson Enables Artec 3D, Live Planet to Create VR Content in Real Time
While VR revolutionizes fields across everyday life — entertainment, medicine, architecture, education and product design — creating VR content remains among its biggest challenges. At today’s NVIDIA Jetson TX2 launch, in San Francisco, we showed ...

March 07, 2017
IoT Platform for Manufacturing, Industrial, Retail Made Possible by NVIDIA's AI-Powered Jetson
NVIDIA today unveiled the NVIDIA® Jetson™ TX2, a credit card-sized platform that delivers AI computing at the edge -- opening the door to powerfully intelligent factory robots, commercial drones and smart cameras for AI cities.

March 06, 2017
Sofa So Good: Applying AI to Simplify Your Next Living Room Makeover
Furniture shopping has traditionally had two major limitations: inventory and imagination. The typical retail customer’s crap shoot: walk into a showroom, examine the limited number of offerings on the floor and pick out something, even if it’s not ...

March 06, 2017
Fujitsu Builds New AI Supercomputer, Based on 24 NVIDIA DGX-1s
Fujitsu announced today that it is using 24 NVIDIA DGX-1 AI systems to help build a supercomputer for RIKEN, Japan’s largest comprehensive research institution, for deep learning research. The largest customer installation of DGX-1 systems to date, ...

March 03, 2017
Stunning 3D Experience Highlights Work of Maori Artists, and Power of AI Materials, Texture Tools
Imagine visiting a serene cove at low tide. To one side, a woman sings one of the beautiful songs of New Zealand’s Maori people. You look up to take in a towering, ornate totem — the work of dozens of skilled human hands — the Pou Kapua. Forget HAL. ...

March 03, 2017
Press 1 to Learn How AI Could Fix Call Centers
Long wait times. Confusing menu options. Insidious hold music. And after all that, you reach a customer service agent who can’t give you the help you need. No wonder we hate customer service. A San Francisco startup founded by particle physics ...

March 02, 2017
AI Podcast: How a Computer Scientist Uses AI to Read Lost Literature
If you’ve ever read The Da Vinci Code or thrilled to the adventures of Indiana Jones, you know few things are more fun than stories of how the ancient world — and our modern one — intersect. A University of Kentucky computer scientist, Dan Seales, ...

February 28, 2017
NVIDIA Unveils GeForce GTX 1080 Ti, World’s Fastest Gaming GPU
“Are you ready?” NVIDIA CEO Jen-Hsun Huang asked the heaving crowd, with a grin. And boy, were they ever. Hundreds of gamers whooped encouragement as Jen-Hsun unveiled Tuesday night the GeForce GTX 1080 Ti — the fastest gaming GPU ever. More than 10 ...

March 23, 2017
The AI Podcast: AI Takes Wing – Deep Learning Hears Once Extinct Bird
Tracking endangered birds used to mean sending teams of biologists to scramble around remote islands and craggy cliffs to peer down burrows with special optical fiber optic scopes. Not only was that difficult and dangerous, it was inefficient. Even ...

March 22, 2017
How VR Is Helping Revitalize Downtown Duluth
Superior Street is one of Duluth, Minnesota’s oldest and most iconic streets, home to family businesses, shops and cafes. Now virtual reality is helping with a long awaited revitalization project thanks to the work of LHB, a local architecture, ...

March 16, 2017
NVIDIA and Bosch Announce AI Self-Driving Car Computer
The world’s largest automotive supplier, Bosch, provided a massive stage today for NVIDIA CEO Jen-Hsun Huang to showcase our new AI platform for self-driving cars. The post NVIDIA and Bosch Announce AI Self-Driving Car Computer appeared first on The ...

March 16, 2017
NVIDIA Working with Truckmaker PACCAR on Self-Driving Technology
NVIDIA announced today that it’s working with PACCAR, a leading U.S. truckmaker, on developing solutions for autonomous vehicles. The post NVIDIA Working with Truckmaker PACCAR on Self-Driving Technology appeared first on The Official NVIDIA Blog.

March 15, 2017
AI Checks Your Head By Listening to What You Said
There’s long been talk in medicine about the need for doctors to listen to patients. Now that advice is being taken literally to diagnose concussions and other hard-to-diagnose brain disorders. Whether caused by a blow to the head during a football ...

March 14, 2017
Bosch Announces AI Self-Driving Computer with NVIDIA
NVIDIA Partners with Bosch for System Based on Next-Generation DRIVE PX Xavier Platform
Bosch Connected World - Bosch, the world's largest automotive supplier, today announced it is working with NVIDIA to develop artificial intelligence self-driving systems for mass market cars.

March 14, 2017
Face Time: How AI Can Diagnose Rare Genetic Diseases Faster
From tagging people on social media to identifying travelers at ports of entry, facial recognition technology has become commonplace. Now, a young company is looking to save lives with it. More than 30 million Americans — 80 percent of them children ...

March 13, 2017
Dressed for Success: How Three Companies Are Using AI to Reinvent Fashion Retailing
Jeans, sneakers and hoodie. The standard dress code in Silicon Valley is familiar. But that hasn’t stopped the tech industry from using AI to help others find the clothes, accessories and makeup tailor-made to their style. With AI, retailers can go ...

March 10, 2017
How GPUs and Deep Learning Are Fueling the Financial Industry
Milliseconds matter in the financial industry. Lightning-quick insights, executed instantly, drive profits. The key is making smart decisions faster than the competition, and it all comes down to leveraging big data. Faster analytics offer a big ...

March 09, 2017
AI Podcast: How AI Can Improve the Diagnosis and Treatment of Diseases
Here’s a health care trend: we’re not going to live forever. Data-driven medicine promises to pick out much more subtle patterns — patterns that may only be apparent when you can compare the health care histories of tens of thousand of patients. ...

April 04, 2017
NVIDIA Wins Coveted PACE Award for Its DRIVE PX 2 AI Car Computer
For the second time in three years, NVIDIA received this week a coveted PACE Award – the automotive industry’s equivalent to the Academy Award – this time for the DRIVE PX 2 AI car computer, a platform for building self-driving cars. The PACE ...

April 04, 2017
Safe, Secure, Smart: Future of AI Cities on Display at ISC West
What happens in Vegas, stays in … Well, sometimes it does. But not this week at the ISC West on the Strip. You’ll soon find just about everywhere many of the technologies for creating AI cities that we’re showing off at the U.S.’s largest security ...

April 03, 2017
NVIDIA to Host World's Premier AI Conference
Eighth Annual GPU Technology Conference Set for May 8-11 in San Jose
NVIDIA, a world leader in AI computing technology, will host its eighth annual GPU Technology Conference (GTC) on May 8-11, at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center.

April 03, 2017
A Quick Study: How Oregon State Accelerates Learning with NVIDIA GRID
Running a graphics-intensive application like AutoCAD or SOLIDWORKS takes some big-time compute power. Delivering those same kinds of apps to 10,000 students anywhere in the world takes Ph.D.-level smarts. That’s just what Oregon State University’s ...

April 03, 2017
AI Pathologist Helps Zero in on Correct Cancer Diagnosis
Editor’s note: This is one of five profiles of finalists for NVIDIA’s 2017 Global Impact Award, which provides $150,000 to researchers using NVIDIA technology for groundbreaking work that addresses social, humanitarian and environmental problems. ...

March 31, 2017
Northern Exposure: Vector Institute Our Latest Bet on AI in Canada
Our announcement this week that we’ll invest $5 million in the newly formed Vector Institute is the latest example of our work with Canada’s thriving artificial intelligence community. When the Toronto-based AI research organization approached us ...

March 31, 2017
AI Podcast: AI Cleans Out Pros at Texas Hold’em
Turns out you can’t bluff your way past an AI. In a historic win, a team of scientists from the University of Alberta’s Computer Poker Research Group — which includes researchers from Charles University in Prague and the Czech Technical University — ...

March 30, 2017
NVIDIA-Powered VR Slices and Dices Guesswork Out of IKEA Kitchen Remodels
You can test drive a new car. You can try on a new pair of pants. Now you can put that new kitchen you’ve always dreamed of to the ultimate test — pancakes, at dawn — before plopping down your money with the help of virtual reality. As part of a ...

March 29, 2017
Powered by GPUs, Real-Time Data Startup MapD Lands $25M Funding Round
That was fast. Just a few years ago, MapD had a radical idea: Use GPUs to turn data into insights, quick. The result was a jaw-dropping demo. And a pitch that won the then-tiny startup a $100,000 check — awarded on the spot — at our Early Stage ...

March 24, 2017
Tencent Cloud Adopts NVIDIA Tesla for AI Cloud Computing
New Tencent Cloud Offerings to Use NVIDIA Pascal-Based GPU Computing and Deep Learning Platform
NVIDIA today announced that Tencent Cloud will adopt NVIDIA® Tesla® GPU accelerators to help advance artificial intelligence for enterprise customers.

April 14, 2017
AI Podcast: Follow the Rainbow Road &#8211; Training AI to Play Mario Kart
Deep neural networks, banana peels, Bowsers. They all came together for Kevin Hughes, a developer at Shopify, in one of his side projects: training an AI to play Mario Kart 64. Mario Kart, a popular series of go-kart video games from Nintendo based ...

April 13, 2017
BEAGLE Eyes: Hidden Evolutionary History Uncovered Using GPUs
Editor’s note: This is one of five profiles of finalists for NVIDIA’s 2017 Global Impact Award, which provides $150,000 to researchers using NVIDIA technology for groundbreaking work that addresses social, humanitarian and environmental problems. ...

April 12, 2017
Meals on Wheels: Marble Robots Making Food Deliveries in SF Using NVIDIA Jetson
San Francisco-based startup Marble is bringing new meaning to getting your food to go. The maker of autonomous ground-delivery robots is now serving up dishes in San Francisco’s Mission and Potrero Hill districts with its first delivery partner, ...

April 10, 2017
AI Drives the Rise of Accelerated Computing in Data Centers
The recent TPU paper by Google draws a clear conclusion – without accelerated computing, the scale out of AI is simply not practical. Today’s economy runs in the world’s data centers, and data centers are changing dramatically. Not so long ago, they ...

April 10, 2017
FIRST in Show: Students Battle Bots in Jules Verne-Inspired Robotics Competition
Jules Verne. Elon Musk. Silicon Valley high schoolers. Inventive minds of yesterday, today and tomorrow converged at the Silicon Valley regionals of the FIRST Robotics competition last weekend. Local high schoolers battle-tested their homemade ...

April 07, 2017
AI Podcast: Beyond Be-leaf — How AI Helps Grow 10% of U.S. Lettuce
Talk about a growth industry. If your lettuce was produced in the U.S., there’s already a 10 percent chance AI helped grow it, thanks to a Silicon Valley startup founded by a pair of entrepreneurs with deep roots in the agriculture industry. The duo ...

April 06, 2017
Virtual Desktops Take the Driver’s Seat at Honda with NVIDIA GRID
If you’re a fan of Honda’s motorsports racing efforts — or own one of the company’s sharp-handling automobiles — you know how nimble the Japanese automaker can be. Honda’s bringing that agility to its growing global engineering and product design ...

April 06, 2017
More Extreme in Every Way: The New Titan Is Here - NVIDIA TITAN Xp
If you need all the power you can get, our new NVIDIA TITAN Xp is the card you need to have. Introduced today, the Pascal-powered TITAN Xp pushes more cores, faster clocks, faster memory and more TFLOPS than its predecessor, the 2016 Pascal-powered ...

April 05, 2017
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for First-Quarter Financial Results
NVIDIA's Investor Day Announced for Following Day
NVIDIA today announced it will host a conference call on Tuesday, May 9, at 2 p.m. PT (5 p.m. ET) to discuss its financial results for the first quarter of fiscal 2018, ending April 30, 2017.

April 05, 2017
IBM Cloud to Offer AI Computing with Latest NVIDIA Pascal GPUs
IBM Cloud today announced a major boost to its cloud services, adding the power of Tesla P100 GPUs and the NVIDIA deep learning platform to their offerings. Tesla P100 is the world’s most powerful data center GPU ever built, engineered to deliver ...
These 14 AI Startups Are Vying for a Piece of $1.5 Million in Prizes
Big dreams. Bright lights. And a peek at the future of AI. Welcome to NVIDIA’s AI startup challenge. In a rapid-fire panoply of pitches, more than a dozen emerging AI companies vied to win over skeptical judges and take home a chunk of the $1.5 ...

April 24, 2017
That’s Entertainment: See How NVIDIA Speeds, Streamlines Workflows at NAB
From “The Jungle Book’s” Oscar-winning visual effects to broadcasting major sports events like the Olympics, NVIDIA GPUs power the entertainment industry’s most advanced workflows. By speeding and streamlining workflows, GPUs free artists and ...

April 23, 2017
Tech Skills Take Root Through Four Women-Focused Projects in India
Lifting women out of poverty in developing countries takes more than storybook success. It requires building the right skills through great training. And that’s what we’re doing as part of our corporate social responsibility efforts in India. We’re ...

April 19, 2017
Launch Your Deep Learning Moonshot at Our GPU Technology Conference
A credit card that stops fraudsters in their tracks. A 3D simulation of potentially life-saving molecules. A car that can drive itself down San Francisco’s Lombard Street, the famed “crookedest” street in the world. The underlying technology ...

April 19, 2017
Try Before You Buy: How AI Is Remaking the Home Makeover Business
It all started with the wallpaper swatches. David Levine and his wife wanted to redecorate the dining room in their Manchester, U.K., home, but he couldn’t picture how any of the designs would look on their walls. So he created an AI tool that would ...

April 18, 2017
NVIDIA and Facebook Team Up to Supercharge Caffe2 Deep Learning Framework
NVIDIA and Facebook today announced the result of our joint work to advance artificial intelligence with Caffe2, a new AI deep learning framework contributed by Facebook to the open-source community. Every day, the world generates information — ...

April 18, 2017
The Play’s the Thing: Hamlet Takes to Virtual Stage with NVIDIA GPUs
John Gielgud. Mel Gibson. Bart Simpson. We live in a culture where everyone has taken a turn as William Shakespeare’s Hamlet. But while many stepped into the role of the ill-starred prince of Denmark to utter the line “to be or not to be,” no one ...

April 17, 2017
The Spacewalker: Gripping Tale of World’s First Spacewalk, Powered by NVIDIA Quadro
The space race between the U.S. and Soviet Union during the Cold War was a crucible of high technology, human perseverance and national pride. Few felt the pressure more acutely than cosmonaut Aleksei Leonov. Fifty-two years ago last month, he ...

April 17, 2017
Mayo Clinic Turns to AI to Improve Brain Tumor Treatment
When it comes to brain tumors, it’s all in the genes. Cancer begins when genetic mutations make cells grow uncontrollably. Spotting certain mutations can point the way to the most effective treatments for the disease. The post Mayo Clinic Turns to ...

April 17, 2017
Baidu Advances AI in the Cloud with Latest NVIDIA Pascal GPUs
NVIDIA Deep Learning Platform Gives Enterprise Customers Instant Access to AI from Baidu Cloud
NVIDIA today announced that its deep learning platform is now available as part of Baidu Cloud's deep learning service, giving enterprise customers instant access to the world's most adopted AI tools.

May 01, 2017
Immerse Yourself in the Future of Virtual Reality at GTC
The future of virtual and augmented reality will be on display at our GPU Technology Conference, May 8-11, at the San Jose Convention Center. From architecture and art to gaming and medicine, VR is changing every industry. And it’ll be making its ...

April 30, 2017
Beyond Star Trek’s VISOR: How a GPU-Powered Visual Aid Allows the Blind to ‘See’
Another futuristic gadget from the world of Star Trek fantasy is a big step closer to becoming reality thanks to pioneering […] The post Beyond Star Trek’s VISOR: How a GPU-Powered Visual Aid Allows the Blind to ‘See’ appeared first on The Official ...

April 29, 2017
AI Podcast: AI Can Be as Racist and Sexist as We Are
Can AI be biased? Yes. And that’s because of us. When it comes to programming our artificial intelligence machines, the data we humans use may be making them biased. “As machines are trained on human data, they also learn human culture and effects ...

April 27, 2017
Reading an AI Car’s Mind: How NVIDIA’s Neural Net Makes Decisions
It’s just not practical to program a car to drive itself in every environment, given the nearly infinite range of possible variables involved. But, thanks to AI, we can show it how to drive. And, unlike your teenager, you can then see what it’s ...

April 27, 2017
The Code Ahead: Learn How Software Writes Software for AI Cars
You’ve seen the headlines. You’ve heard the buzzwords. Everyone is talking about how self-driving cars will change the world. But there’s a much deeper story here — one we’re telling in full at our GPU Technology Conference, May 8-11, in Silicon ...

April 26, 2017
How Qwant Aims to Bring Privacy to the Search Engine Game with AI
On a PC, a phone or from TV, people want information. They want it at home, at work and on the move. And they want it 24/7. They also want, but seldom get, their privacy along with it. The upstart search engine Qwant is using AI, powered by NVIDIA ...

April 26, 2017
At GTC, Glimpse the Future of Makers, Intelligent Machines and More
They’re coming by air, land and sea. Drones, robots, underwater submersibles — even an AI city, or at least the applications that power it — will all be under one roof at our GPU Technology Conference, at the San Jose Convention Center from May ...

April 26, 2017
NVIDIA Adds Six AI Startups to Its GPU Ventures Portfolio
As the AI ecosystem continues its global expansion, NVIDIA is expanding its portfolio of startup investments, adding six companies in three countries over the past year. In addition to providing funds for future growth, we offer these startups ...

April 25, 2017
More Oil, Less Toil: How GPUs Can Make the Most of Fossil Fuel Resources
Talk about a space-saving device. GPUs have shrunk half a football field’s worth of computing power into less space than a ping pong table on their way to helping the oil industry reach a performance milestone – simulating and oil reservoir with a ...

April 25, 2017
Six Astonishing Ways NVIDIA GRID Changes Lives, and Can Change Your Business
They help Jane Goodall map ape habitats in Africa. They’re used by searchers trying to solve the mystery of the lost Malaysian flight MH370. DigitalGlobe’s 3D visualizations of Earth — captured from hundreds of satellites moving at 15,000 miles per ...

May 08, 2017
Making the World Go Round: How Littlstar Brings VR, 360-Degree Video to the Masses
Ever thought about walking into the ring with John Cena in Wrestlemania? Or hanging out on the couch in Elliot’s apartment in Mr. Robot? Maybe sitting on the ops deck of the Rocinante in The Expanse or swim with great white sharks in National ...

May 08, 2017
Positively Certifiable: How to Get Crazy Levels of Performance for Your Creative and Design Workflows
Computer-generated scenes in Hollywood blockbusters like “The Jungle Book.” 3D renderings for interactive client reviews at Saatchi & Saatchi. Photorealistic models of luxury watches for fashion designer Francois Quentin. Artists and designers ...

May 08, 2017
NVIDIA Paves Path to AI Cities with Metropolis Edge-to-Cloud Platform for Video Analytics
50+ AI City Partners Using NVIDIA Deep Learning for Real-Time Insights, Making Communities Safer and Smarter, Improving Traffic and Resource Usage
Paving the way for the creation of AI cities, NVIDIA today unveiled the NVIDIA Metropolis™ intelligent video analytics platform.

May 06, 2017
AI Podcast: Your Next Pizza Delivery May Come Topped with AI
You ask, AI delivers. At least, that’s the concept that Kevin Peterson is trying to achieve with his robotics company, Marble. It recently made news for deploying food delivery robots onto the streets of San Francisco. Peterson, Marble’s co-founder ...

May 05, 2017
Record Crowds Expected at GPU Technology Conference Next Week
We’re expecting a record 8,000 attendees next week at our eighth annual GPU Technology Conference, in Silicon Valley. We’ll keep you up to date with the latest from the show – from the future of virtual reality to how software is writing software ...

May 04, 2017
T-Minus Zero: FIRST Competition Finals Blast Off in Houston and St. Louis
A months’ long journey for thousands of the world’s most promising high school students culminated last week in dual events hosted by FIRST Robotics – where they vied for $50 million in college scholarships. The 3,300 teams with 80,000-plus students ...

May 03, 2017
At GTC, Taking the Temperature of How AI Is Transforming Healthcare
To check the pulse on how AI is transforming the healthcare industry, look no further than the eighth annual GPU Technology Conference, next week at the San Jose Convention Center. GTC’s healthcare track will offer 50-plus sessions detailing the ...

May 03, 2017
Bone-afide Genius: How One Professor Is Advancing Lower Limb Treatments
Duane Storti has a bone to pick — 20 of them, in fact. Storti, a professor at the University of Washington, works with the Center for Limb Loss Prevention and Prosthetic Engineering at VA Puget Sound to study how the 20 bones that make up our feet ...

May 03, 2017
How AI Spots Problems in Nuclear Plants That Other Systems Miss
Regular safety checks are as critical to nuclear power plants as doctors’ check-ups are for people. For power plants, regular inspections can spot cracks and other problems before they become serious or even cause an accident. But detecting cracks ...

May 02, 2017
10,000 Data Scientists Take on Lung Cancer in Data Science Bowl
Lung cancer is the deadliest of all cancers, and not just because it’s the most common variant of the disease. Nearly 80 percent of patients will die within five years of diagnosis, according to the American Lung Association, largely because most ...

May 09, 2017
What’s Next for VR? More Throughput, Less Latency … and a  Killer App
Virtual reality is going to get a lot more real. With a vision of VR serving as the future of computer interfaces, NVIDIA has set its sights on refining the rendering process – to increase throughput, reduce latency, and create a more mind-blowing ...

May 09, 2017
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for First Quarter Fiscal 2018
NVIDIA today reported revenue for the first quarter ended April 30, 2017, of $1.94 billion, up 48 percent from $1.30 billion a year earlier ...

May 09, 2017
Start Me Up: 80 AI Startups at GTC Show How They’re Changing Industries
Better medicine with AI. A deep learning stock picker. Self-driving trucks. That’s just a sample of the groundbreaking work by nearly 80 AI startups at the GPU Technology Conference this week. Get a close-up look at how they’re changing industries ...

May 09, 2017
How Intuit’s TurboTax Used NVIDIA GRID to Make Tax Season Easier for Millions
Gamers use GPUs to make slaying zombies more fun. During the latest tax season, the tens of millions of people who rely on Intuit were able to use GPUs to slay their taxes a little more easily, too. That’s because Intuit’s TurboTax SmartLook feature ...

May 09, 2017
NVIDIA to Train 100,000 Developers on Deep Learning in 2017
10x Training Increase from Previous Year to Meet Surging Demand for AI Expertise
GPU Technology Conference -- To meet surging demand for expertise in the field of AI, NVIDIA today announced that it plans to train 100,000 developers this year -- a tenfold increase over 2016 -- through the NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute.

May 08, 2017
University of Maryland, Mayo Clinic Win $150,000 in Global Impact Awards
NVIDIA announced today that it has awarded $150,000 in Global Impact Awards to the University of Maryland and the Mayo Clinic for their pioneering research to address social, humanitarian and environmental problems. At the University of Maryland’s ...

May 08, 2017
GPUs Everywhere: New Instances in Microsoft Azure Cloud
Simulating protein molecules. Self-driving cars. Seismic exploration. Researchers and businesses have many choices to tackle these challenges with NVIDIA GPU computing. The NVIDIA accelerated computing platform is accessible for the most demanding ...

May 08, 2017
Prize-Fighter: NVIDIA Foundation Giving $25,000 to Top Cancer Researchers in DREAM Challenge
The NVIDIA Foundation is handing out $25,000 to the cancer-fighting research team that comes up with the best work in proteogenomics — the study of proteins and genomics — as part of a “DREAM Challenge” launching this spring by a team from the ...

May 08, 2017
NVIDIA Releases VRWorks Audio and 360 Video SDKs at GTC
NVIDIA is making VR more immersive, and VR development easier, with the release of VR audio and 360-degree video stitching as part of our VRWorks software development kit. Released at the GPU Technology Conference, kicking off today at the San Jose ...

May 08, 2017
NVIDIA VRWorks Puts the ‘Reality’ in VR for Application Developers
From engineering and design to manufacturing, operations and sales, virtual reality in the enterprise is reshaping business as we know it. On the leading edge of this change is the NVIDIA VRWorks software development kit. It’s a suite of application ...

May 10, 2017
NVIDIA Ushers in New Era of Robotics, with Breakthroughs Making It Easier to Build and Train Intelligent Machines
Isaac Robot Simulator Enables Training in Simulated Conditions Before Real-World Deployment; Jetson-based Reference Platforms Enable Quicker Design Times
NVIDIA today ushered in a new era for the robotics industry, introducing breakthroughs that radically simplify the work of building and training intelligent machines.

May 10, 2017
NVIDIA and Toyota Collaborate to Accelerate Market Introduction of Autonomous Cars
NVIDIA AI Technology Will Process Massive Volumes of Sensor Data, Enabling Vehicles to Anticipate and Respond to Dynamic Driving Situations
NVIDIA today announced that it is collaborating with Toyota to deliver artificial intelligence hardware and software technologies that will enhance the capabilities of autonomous driving systems planned for market introduction within the next few ...

May 10, 2017
NVIDIA Launches GPU Cloud Platform to Simplify AI Development
NVIDIA GPU Cloud Platform to Combine Deep Learning Software with World's Fastest GPUs
NVIDIA today announced the NVIDIA GPU Cloud (NGC), a cloud-based platform that will give developers convenient access -- via their PC, NVIDIA DGX system or the cloud -- to a comprehensive software suite for harnessing the transformative powers of AI.

May 10, 2017
NVIDIA Advances AI Computing Revolution with New Volta-Based DGX Systems
Volta-Charged DGX-1 Delivers Up to 3x Speed Improvement for Demanding AI Workloads; DGX Station is World's First AI Personal Supercomputer
NVIDIA today announced a new lineup of NVIDIA® DGX AI supercomputers with unmatched computing performance to advance the world's most challenging AI research.

May 10, 2017
NVIDIA Launches Revolutionary Volta GPU Platform, Fueling Next Era of AI and High Performance Computing
Volta-Based Tesla V100 Data Center GPU Shatters Barrier of 120 Teraflops of Deep Learning
NVIDIA today launched Volta™ -- the world's most powerful GPU computing architecture, created to drive the next wave of advancement in artificial intelligence and high performance computing.

May 10, 2017
NVIDIA and SAP Partner to Create a New Wave of AI Business Applications
Businesses collect mountains of data daily. Now it’s time to make those mountains move. NVIDIA CEO and founder Jensen Huang announced today at our GPU Technology Conference that SAP and NVIDIA are working together to help businesses use AI in ways ...

May 10, 2017
Live: Jensen Huang Keynotes NVIDIA’s 2017 GPU Technology Conference
Stay tuned. NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang takes the stage to deliver the keynote at our GPU Technology Conference just after 9 am. We’ll have live updates as soon as the show begins. The post Live: Jensen Huang Keynotes NVIDIA’s 2017 GPU Technology ...

May 10, 2017
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community:

May 09, 2017
How AI is Reinventing the Design of Planes, Trains and Automobiles
Deep learning is coming to 3D design. Just ask Dassault Systèmes. The company’s 3DExperience Platform is used for everything from Tesla cars and Boeing airplanes to Procter & Gamble consumer products. Now, it’s amping up 3D design and simulation ...

May 09, 2017
Leave the Flying to Us: Airbus Working on GPU-Powered Autonomous Air Taxis
With self-driving cars generating so much buzz, it’s hard to believe that a self-piloting air taxi is, err, flying under the radar. But not for long. GTC attendees packed a conference room Tuesday to hear from Arne Stoschek, head of autonomous ...

May 11, 2017
Architects, Engineers, Designers Ditch Blueprints for VR Experiences
The visual world of architecture, engineering and design is a fertile field for VR, and attendees of the GPU Technology Conference got a broad view an industry being transformed by this fast-growing technology. From speeding the design process to ...

May 11, 2017
AI Addresses Overlooked Component of Self-Driving Cars — the Passengers
Stories are rife of the obstacles that developers of self-driving cars must overcome — challenges related to sensors, machine learning, real-time data analysis and reaction times. But we haven’t heard much about the passengers. Affectiva, maker of ...

May 10, 2017
These Six AI Startups Just Snagged a Share of $1.5 Million in Cash Prizes
Hollywood-style lights in NVIDIA green. A champagne toast. And the envelope, please. The gala awards event celebrating winners of NVIDIA’s Inception competition for AI startups had the trappings of Tinseltown, with one key difference: Its envelope ...

May 10, 2017
NVIDIA Accelerates AI, Launches Volta, DGX Workstation, Robot Simulator, More 
The AI revolution sweeping the globe just got faster. NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang Wednesday launched Volta, a new GPU architecture that delivers 5x the performance of its predecessor before a record crowd of more than 7,000 scientists, engineers, ...

May 10, 2017
NVIDIA Delivers New Deep Learning Software Tools for Developers
To help developers meet the growing complexity of deep learning, NVIDIA today announced better and faster tools for our software development community. This includes a significant update to the NVIDIA SDK, which includes software libraries and tools ...

May 10, 2017
Intensive Care: How AI Could Rejuvenate U.S. Healthcare
It’s no secret that the U.S. healthcare system needs help. What’s more surprising is the role AI can play in fixing it. In a talk at the GPU Technology Conference, Dr. Michael Dahlweid, chief medical officer of digital solutions for GE Healthcare, ...

May 10, 2017
How We Used AI in a Video That Tells the Story of AI
I am AI. With those words, AI revealed itself Wednesday at our GPU Technology Conference as a technology that can not only change the world, but create a soundtrack for its own technology revolution. For thousands of years, of course, storytellers ...

May 10, 2017
Mental Ray for 3ds Max Gets Major Boost
Mental Ray for 3ds Max is available directly from NVIDIA — for free starting this week. It includes all the functionality 3ds Max users rely on, coupled with updated workflows and enhanced material definition language (MDL) support. Plus, it ...

May 10, 2017
NVIDIA Reveals Holodeck, Its Groundbreaking Project for Photorealistic, Collaborative VR
NVIDIA today announced Project Holodeck, a photorealistic, collaborative virtual reality environment that incorporates the feeling of real-world presence through sight, sound and haptics. The Holodeck environment allows creators to import ...

May 10, 2017
NVIDIA Brings AI to Ray Tracing to Speed Graphics Workloads
Good design is obvious: You know it when you see it. What’s less apparent is the amount of trial and error behind the process to achieve it. Designers, manufacturers and other creative types have to try multiple variations of an idea. Each time they ...

May 17, 2017
GTC Doubleheader: AI, Robotics Events Draws 300 Teen Technologists
Hundreds of Ph.D.s prowled the hallways of the eighth annual GPU Technology Conference in San Jose last week to catch up on the latest developments in AI. Also in attendance were hundreds of teens, getting their first taste of what AI can offer. ...

May 17, 2017
What's a Generative Adversarial Network? A Google Researcher Explains
If you haven’t yet heard of generative adversarial networks, don’t worry, you will. The hottest topic in deep learning, GANs, as they’re called, have the potential to create systems that learn more with less help from humans. Just ask Ian ...

May 16, 2017
AI Podcast: AI Will Enhance VR, Founder of IBM’s VR/AR Labs Effort Says
Romeo and Juliet. Peanut butter and chocolate. AI and VR. “They are star-crossed lovers, they’re destined for one another,” Director of Product for Watson Developer Labs Michael Ludden quipped. During last week’s GPU Technology Conference, Ludden ...

May 16, 2017
Guardian Angel: Why Your Next Car May Have an AI Co-Pilot
Self-driving cars are meant to keep us safe. But even if you drive yourself, AI could be looking out for you. If configured to do so, AI, like a guardian angel, could even take over the car. NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang showed how that could work last ...

May 12, 2017
Nurulize Takes Home GTC’s Grand Prize at VR Content Showcase
It doesn’t take a VR headset to see the future, but it helps. Our second VR Content Showcase, held this week at the GPU Technology Conference, featured a record 120 entrants, pitches by 10 finalists and $30,000 in cash and prizes. Capturing top ...

May 12, 2017
GTC Showcases How AI Is Driving Autonomous Vehicles
Self-driving cars need AI, and we delivered big on AI at the GPU Technology Conference in Silicon Valley this week. During his keynote, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang made a host of announcements that will change how the automotive industry ...

May 12, 2017
The Robot Will See You Now, Even If It Won’t Replace Your Doc
A robot takeover of medicine? Not so fast, says Stanford University’s Daniel Rubin. While AI can be a reliable medical tool, it’s not going to replace your doctor, said Rubin, an associate professor of biomedical data science, radiology, medicine ...

May 11, 2017
Whose Sign Is It Anyway? AI Translates Sign Language Into Text
Deaf people can’t hear. Most hearing people don’t understand sign language. That’s a communication gap AI can help bridge, Syed Tousif Ahmed, a research assistant at the Rochester Technology Institute’s Future Everyday Technology Lab explained at ...

May 11, 2017
How Deep Learning Will Stir More Joy into Your Cooking
We all need all the help we can get in the kitchen. Whether that involves meal planning or roasting the perfect chicken, deep learning promises to help bring more to the joy of cooking. Thanks to deep learning, you’ll soon get the kind of help no ...

May 11, 2017
Want Drones to Fly Right? Make Them Hallucinate, MIT Prof Says
How do you teach a drone to fly better? Make it hallucinate. Okay. So how do you make a drone hallucinate? With VR, of course. Still with us? Good. Let’s explain. MIT’s Sertac Karaman has been building drones and teaching them to fly autonomously ...

May 29, 2017
NVIDIA Partners with World's Top Server Manufacturers to Advance AI Cloud Computing
Foxconn, Inventec, Quanta, Wistron Using NVIDIA HGX Reference Architecture to Build AI Systems for Hyperscale Data Centers
Computex -- NVIDIA today launched a partner program with the world's leading original design manufacturers (ODM) -- Foxconn, Inventec, Quanta and Wistron -- to more rapidly meet the demands for AI cloud computing.

May 29, 2017
PC Gaming World Turns to Computex: GeForce Partners Unveil Over 40 New Products, Including 15 New Laptops
Taipei is the best place in the world to be this week to grok the relentless revolution taking place in PC gaming laptops. At Computex, Asia’s largest technology trade show, NVIDIA partners are taking efficiency and performance to new levels — ...

May 29, 2017
Design and Performance Perfected: NVIDIA Introduces Max-Q for Gaming Laptops
3x Thinner, 3x More Performance than Previous Generation Laptops
Computex -- NVIDIA today introduced Max-Q, a new design approach that redefines gaming laptops from the ground up -- making them thinner, quieter and faster. They will be available from all major OEMs worldwide, starting June 27.

May 28, 2017
NVIDIA Wins Quartet of Major Awards at Computex
Company Extends Award Streak to Nine Years with Recognition for SHIELD, Jetson TX2, NVIDIA GRID, DGX-1 AI Supercomputer
Computex -- NVIDIA today clinched four prestigious awards at Computex, extending its record winning streak at Asia's largest technology tradeshow to nine years.

May 26, 2017
AI Podcast: AI to Take Our Vehicles Up, Up and Away
What if you could cut your commute from Silicon Valley to San Francisco to just 20 minutes from the 90 minutes it might have taken you this morning? Absurd, perhaps, but this could soon become reality, thanks to the work of Arne Stoschek and A³ ...

May 25, 2017
Prevention by Prediction: How AI Spots Early Warnings of Disease
Eat healthy. Sleep enough. Exercise regularly. And ask your doctor about AI. AI could soon help you stay healthy longer. Thanks to GPUs and deep learning, physicians can predict the onset of diseases far earlier than is now possible, simply by ...

May 24, 2017
AI Is Eating Software
The remarkable success of our GPU Technology Conference this month demonstrated to anyone still in doubt the extraordinary momentum of the AI revolution. The post AI Is Eating Software appeared first on The Official NVIDIA Blog.

May 23, 2017
How an AI App Can Translate a Photo into a Skin Cancer Diagnosis
Getting to a doctor is rarely easy. Those in remote locations can travel hundreds of miles, incurring lodging and transit costs along the way. For patients with skin cancer — or with a suspicious skin lesion — GPU deep learning may be the key to ...

May 18, 2017
How AI Helps Keep NASCAR Drivers Safe
When your race car is flying around the track at nearly 200 miles per hour, anything out of order — even a candy wrapper stuck to the grill — can pose a danger to both car and driver. NASCAR racing teams want to know about everything going on with ...

May 18, 2017
AI Podcast: Using Deep Learning to Improve the Hands-Free, Voice Experience
“Ok Google;” “Alexa…” We’re familiar with these commands that wake up, say, our Amazon Echo or Google Home. But what would the future of intelligent devices look like if we could bounce from using Amazon’s Alexa to order a new book to Google ...

June 08, 2017
AI Podcast: An Argument in a Bar Led to the Generative Adversarial Networks Revolutionizing Deep Learning
This is a tale that starts off like a joke: A researcher walks into a bar… and ends with a revolutionary advancement in deep learning. Nobody’s laughing now at how Ian Goodfellow, a staff research scientist at Google, got the idea for generative ...

June 07, 2017
How 3D Heart Modeling and AI Can Predict Next Moves of Medicine’s Biggest Killer
Closing the gap in diagnosing and preventing heart disease would have an enormous effect on global health. Researchers at the Imperial College London are using virtual 3D models of the heart and machine learning to do just that. Heart disease is the ...

June 06, 2017
How GPUs Can Kick 3D Printing Industry Into High Gear
Three-dimensional printing has opened up new possibilities in fields like manufacturing, architecture, engineering and construction. But when the objects to be printed become complex, limitations kick in. Challenges in 3D printing include multiple ...

June 05, 2017
How GPUs and Deep Learning Are Helping Protect Endangered Species
Finding a cheetah across a dozen square miles of African bush can be difficult. But that same animal might lay down 200,000 footprints in a day. So finding its tracks is a lot easier. And it turns out that, beyond being useful for locating animals, ...

June 05, 2017
Moneyball on Ice: Canadian Startup’s GPU-Powered Hockey Analytics Aims to Give Teams an Edge
Baseball has the now legendary story of Moneyball, with the under-financed Oakland A’s outdueling big money teams by using sabermetrics to analyze player activity. To match a game as fast and fluid as ice hockey, Toronto-based startup ICEBERG is ...

June 01, 2017
AI Podcast: AI Reels in the Highlights for Yahoo! eSports
The next highlight reel you watch could be curated by AI. To expedite the time it takes to create multiple reels for eSports, Yahoo! researchers decide to train computers to identify key gameplay moments. One challenge was to remove subjectivity ...

June 01, 2017
How Deep Learning Promotes Early Detection of Cancer
Seeing may be believing. But when treating cancer, our eyes sometimes misinform us. When interpreting CT and MRI scans, it can be difficult to distinguish the borders between organs and tumors, to determine how tumors have changed since the previous ...

May 31, 2017
Waste Not, Want Not: Sadako’s Recycling Robot Max-AI Goes Global
What a dump. Humanity produces around 1.3 billion metric tons (2.8 trillion pounds) of waste a year, according to the World Bank. Most ends up in landfills. While much of it could be recycled, the process of sorting and recycling waste material is ...

May 31, 2017
How NVIDIA Metropolis Is Paving the Way Toward Smarter Traffic
Traffic. Nobody likes it, but we all have to deal with it. As the world’s cities grow more densely populated, scientists and entrepreneurs are looking for solutions to gridlock, pollution and the other byproducts of a world filled with cars. Two ...

May 30, 2017
New Intel, AMD CPUs Bring More Options to Gamers
It’s not just a good time to be a PC gamer. It’s a great time. The new high-performance Intel Core i9 family of CPUs and AMD Ryzen Threadripper CPU announced this week at Computex in Taiwan represent just the latest major investments in the thriving ...

June 19, 2017
Visualize Large-Scale, Unstructured Data in Real Time for Faster Scientific Discoveries
To help develop better pacemakers, researchers at the Barcelona Supercomputing Center recently developed the world’s first comprehensive heart model. It’s an amazing achievement, mimicking blood flow and muscle reaction based on the heart’s ...

June 16, 2017
How Deep Learning Can Transform Investing from a Daunting Art into a Simple Utility
Oceans of data. Instantaneous decisions. A fluid, ever-changing environment. Little wonder AI is sweeping the finance industry – it’s hard to imagine an industry better suited for it. “Today the trade that I think is going to change the world, that ...

June 15, 2017
NVIDIA Among Six Companies to Receive $258 Million from U.S. Department of Energy for HPC Research
NVIDIA is among six technology companies to receive funding from the U.S. Department of Energy’s Exascale Computing Project (ECP) to accelerate the development of next-generation supercomputers. The ECP mission is to facilitate the delivery of at ...

June 14, 2017
NVIDIA Describes AI’s Critical Role in Self-Driving Cars to Key Senate Committee  
Artificial intelligence is the key to unlocking the challenge and promise of self-driving cars, NVIDIA told Congress today. In testimony before a packed hearing of the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation, Rob Csongor, vice ...

June 13, 2017
Deep Learning Meets HPC at ISC 2017
Understand the brain’s workings by analyzing cerebral slices. Use 3D heart models to develop better treatments, while lowering reliance on animal experiments. Study how dark matter will form when Andromeda galaxy and Milky Way collide. These are ...

June 13, 2017
‘Destiny 2’ Latest Milestone for PC Gaming, an Entertainment Platform Like No Other
Home Improvement was on television. Micheal Keaton was Batman. Personal computers boasted speeds measured in megahertz. Twenty five-years ago, PC gaming was a zero billion dollar industry. But it was about to become a cultural tsunami. Wolfenstein ...

June 13, 2017
NVIDIA Collaborates with Activision and Bungie to Bring 'Destiny 2' to PC
One of the Year's Hottest Games Paired with GeForce GTX to Play in 4K at 60 fps on PC at E3 One of the Year's Hottest Games Paired with GeForce GTX to Play in 4K at 60 fps on PC at E3
E3 - NVIDIA, Activision and Bungie, creators of the award-winning Destiny game franchise, today announced they are partnering to bring the Destiny franchise to PC for the first time with the much-anticipated action game Destiny 2.

June 12, 2017
EyePhone Innovation: How GPU Technology Aids the Vision-Impaired
Smartphones are the Swiss Army knives of the digital age, serving as cell phone, camera, map, social networking hub, game console and more. Now one more amazing utility can be added to the list: eyesight. Aipoly is one such smartphone app. It can ...

June 09, 2017
E3 Begins: Big News, Never-Before-Seen Demos, Massive Giveaways
Never before seen games. The latest gear. Huge giveaways. The Electronic Entertainment Expo kicking off this weekend in Los Angeles promises to be our most raucous yet. NVIDIA GeForce is driving demos of the latest unreleased games running on the ...

June 09, 2017
Into the Woods: This Drone Goes Where No GPS Can
Most drones would be lost without GPS. Not this one. A drone developed by NVIDIA researchers navigates even the most far-flung, unmapped places using only deep learning and computer vision powered by NVIDIA Jetson TX1 embedded AI supercomputers. ...

June 27, 2017
NVIDIA Tops MIT Tech Review’s List of World’s Smartest Companies
NVIDIA topped the latest edition of MIT Technology Review’s list of 50 Smartest Companies. The magazine’s 2017 list, released Tuesday, ranks companies that combine innovative technology with an effective business model. “The companies on the list ...

June 27, 2017
NVIDIA Takes AI From Research to Production in New Work with Volvo, VW, ZF, Autoliv, HELLA  
Furthering its growth in the European automotive market, NVIDIA today unveiled a series of collaborations with five of the continent’s key players to move AI technology into production. Speaking at the Automobil Elektronik Congress, an annual ...

June 26, 2017
ZF, HELLA, NVIDIA Partner to Increase Safety of Self-Driving Vehicles
Strategic Partnership to Bring NCAP Safety Solutions to Market
NVIDIA today announced it has formed a strategic partnership with ZF and HELLA to deliver AI technology with the New Car Assessment Program (NCAP) safety certification for the mass deployment of self-driving vehicles. The agreement is non-exclusive.

June 26, 2017
Volvo Cars and Autoliv Select NVIDIA DRIVE PX Platform for Self-Driving Cars
Collaboration to Bring AI-Enabled Autonomous Vehicles to Market in 2021
Volvo Cars and Autoliv are teaming up with NVIDIA to develop advanced systems and software for AI self-driving cars, the companies announced today.

June 24, 2017
AI Podcast: How Unity’s Danny Lange Hopes to Bring AI to Gaming
How do you find the perfect balance of art, story, and software? Ask Danny Lange, Unity Technologies’ VP of AI and Machine Learning. While other industries were quick to adopt AI, the gaming world has been slow to integrate machine learning systems. ...

June 23, 2017
How a $500 Electric Bill Jolted an AI Startup Into Focusing on Energy Conservation
Mark Chung’s unexpectedly high $500 monthly electric bill zapped his curiosity. So when his Silicon Valley utility couldn’t explain it — despite “smart meters” installed throughout its system — he took matters into his own hands. The ...

June 22, 2017
Optimus Ride: MIT Spinoff Creates Autonomous Mobility-on-Demand Systems for the Masses
Boston is known for many things: The Red Sox baseball team, fresh lobster, the highest density of universities in one city. “Autonomous vehicles” can now be added to the list. Optimus Ride, an MIT spinoff company, recently announced that it has ...

June 20, 2017
Picture Imperfect: How AI Helped Debunk Myth of the Perfect Mom
On social media, in magazines, on advertisements all around us, perfection is personified. Everywhere we go, idealized images of models with flawless skin, snowy-white teeth and just-so hair surround us. In a recent ad campaign for personal care ...

June 20, 2017
How the Human Brain Project Maps the Brain Faster with Deep Learning
The Human Brain Project has ambitions to advance brain research, cognitive neuroscience and other brain-inspired sciences like few other projects before it. Created in 2013 by the European Commission, the project’s aims include gathering, organizing ...

June 19, 2017
NVIDIA Powers the World's Top 13 Most Energy Efficient Supercomputers
ISC -- Advancing the path to exascale computing, NVIDIA today announced that the NVIDIA® Tesla® AI supercomputing platform powers the top 13 measured systems on the new Green500 list of the world's most energy-efficient high performance computing ...

July 11, 2017
Deep Learning Pioneers Boost Research at NVIDIA AI Labs Around the World
The world’s top researchers are pushing the boundaries of artificial intelligence at the NVIDIA AI Labs, known as NVAIL, located at 20 top universities around the globe. University of Toronto researchers are developing affordable self-driving cars. ...

July 10, 2017
Keep on Trucking - How Deep Learning Can Change Highway Transportation
While driverless cars get the glory, an AI startup is shifting gears to tackle a road less traveled: automated trucks. Beijing-based TuSimple, is developing a driverless trucking platform, TuSimple CTO Xiaodi Hou explained in a conversation with ...

July 10, 2017
Right From the Start: NVIDIA Quadro the Only GPU Certified for Professionals
Architects, designers, engineers, artists and other professionals can’t afford to take chances with their work. With million-dollar projects at stake, and competition fierce, they need to simulate what their final project or product will be, ...

July 07, 2017
DeepTraffic: How an MIT Simulation Game Uses Deep Learning to Reduce Gridlock
Being stuck in traffic is frustrating and expensive. Beyond headaches and missed appointments, traffic congestion costs U.S. drivers some $300 billion annually. Researchers suggest self-driving cars — even in small numbers — will dramatically ...

July 06, 2017
Heart Smart: How HeartFlow Uses AI to Detect Heart Disease
Coronary heart disease is the world’s biggest killer, responsible for nearly 9 million deaths worldwide and diagnosed in 12 million to 13 million Americans each year. Personalized medical technology company HeartFlow uses GPU-accelerated deep ...

July 05, 2017
Baidu’s Project Apollo Takes Flight, Bringing Autonomous Cars Closer to Reality
Like its namesake, Baidu’s Project Apollo aims to redefine the possibilities for human travel. But instead of landing men on the moon like NASA’s version of the program, vehicles in this initiative must learn to drive themselves. In April, Baidu ...

July 05, 2017
NVIDIA, Baidu Announce Partnership to Accelerate AI
Collaboration to Power AI in Cloud Data Centers, Self-Driving Cars and the Home
NVIDIA and Baidu today announced a broad partnership to bring the world's leading artificial intelligence technology to cloud computing, self-driving vehicles and AI home assistants.

July 01, 2017
AI Podcast: How Deep Learning Can Translate American Sign Language
Deep learning has accelerated machine translation between spoken and written languages. But it’s lagged behind when it comes to sign language. Now Syed Ahmed, a computer engineering major at the Rochester Institute of Technology, is unleashing its ...

June 29, 2017
How a Boston Startup Plans to Poach Poachers in Africa Using Intelligent Drones
Across the African savanna, 25,000 elephants and 1,000 rhinos are killed by poachers each year, according to some estimates. At this rate, they’ll be extinct within two decades. To combat this crisis, Neurala, a Boston-based startup, is bringing ...

June 28, 2017
The AI Revolution Is Remaking Every Business in Every Industry
There is no typecast for savvy AI businesses. They come in all sizes and represent an ever broadening swath of industry. Simply put, the era of artificial intelligence is remaking business as we know it. Businesses see AI as a long-term strategic ...

July 21, 2017
Putting the AI in Hawaii: Surfing the Big Waves of Artificial Intelligence
Some come to Hawaii with snorkels. Others come with scuba gear. And then there are those who come to dive really deep. In the days ahead, some of the greatest minds in artificial intelligence will be in Honolulu for the annual Computer Vision and ...

July 21, 2017
AI Podcast: “Could an AI Win a Nobel Prize?” Quantum Researchers Ask
Could an AI win a Nobel prize? That’s the provocative question a team of scientists are pondering after putting GPU-powered deep learning to work to accelerate their science, with impressive results. “AI is beating conventional methods,” Paul ...

July 20, 2017
Fighting Tuberculosis with GPUs and Deep Learning
For those in developing countries with tuberculosis, the difference between life and death often comes down to having a physician with the expertise to properly read chest X-rays. And the numbers show that many are dying of the disease ...

July 17, 2017
Intel, AMD Just Delivered Two Great Reasons to Upgrade Your Data Center
Think of it as a multiple choice test, with no wrong answers. Intel last week launched its new Skylake Xeon CPUs. AMD last month launched their next-generation EPYC CPU. These are both great options that strengthen the case for upgrading your server ...

July 16, 2017
The Fun’s Just Begun: Gamers, Modders, Researchers Piling into VR Funhouse
A quarter million VR enthusiasts have downloaded it. More than 25 communities have created mods for it. Researchers from Cornell University in upstate New York to Israel have even found new ways to meld the virtual and real worlds with it. A year ...

July 14, 2017
Psycho-Surfing: Startup Brings Artificial Emotional Intelligence to the Web
Text. Video. Pictures. Audio. We’re used to searching the web for different kinds of content. Now, one startup is striving to add very different kind of search category: emotion. The first public pilot UK-based Emotions.Tech’s artificial emotional ...

July 13, 2017
NVIDIA GRID Fuels Cloud-Based Workstation Experience from Amazon Web Services
Amazon Web Services today released GPU-powered Amazon EC2 G3 , featuring graphics acceleration powered by the NVIDIA GRID virtualization platform and NVIDIA Tesla M60 GPU accelerators. This powerful new GPU optimized instance allows architects, ...

July 13, 2017
AI Podcast: Hold the Ketchup - ‘Not Hotdog’ Brings App from HBO’s Silicon Valley to Life
Move over, Pied Piper, there’s hotter tech in town. If you didn’t get that reference from HBO’s Silicon Valley, tune in, because we’ve got the inside story on the latest gag on the show that everyone is buzzing about this year. And it comes with a ...

July 12, 2017
NVIDIA Invests in Cyber Security Startup Deep Instinct
In the latest of a series of investments in deep learning startups, NVIDIA is investing in Deep Instinct, an Israeli-based startup that uses deep learning to thwart cyberattacks. Deep Instinct uses a GPU-based neural network and CUDA to achieve 99 ...

July 11, 2017
Audi’s New A8 Turns Mobility Into Magic, Using NVIDIA Tech to Transform Transportation
In Barcelona, a city of architectural treasures, Audi unveiled Tuesday a design masterpiece of its own. The new flagship 2018 A8 features a multitude of high-tech splendors, all powered by NVIDIA. Its AI Traffic Jam Pilot — which offers ...

July 27, 2017
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for Second-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of Call
NVIDIA will host a conference call on Thursday, Aug. 10, at 2 p.m. PT (5 p.m. ET) to discuss its financial results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2018, ending July 30, 2017.


July 27, 2017
NVIDIA Inventions Promise to Make Augmented Reality More Comfortable
Few moments are more magical than slipping on a headset and being instantly transported to an immersive virtual world. To help bring such experiences to more people, we’re showing some of NVIDIA Research’s latest work to heighten the magic of VR and ...

July 26, 2017
5 Shockingly Advanced AI Apps Showcased at CVPR
A personal, flying cameraman. A computer that can read your mood. Facial recognition software powerful enough to catch criminals. Custom maps smart enough to help you find what you really want. An app that can help the blind, see. None of this is ...

July 26, 2017
Fans Freak Out at PDXLAN with Unexpected Giveaway
Some hollered. Others hooted. Other just bowed down before NVIDIA’s Tom Petersen as if he were some kind of digital deity. “Oh my gawd,” one gamer shouted. We didn’t know that giving away these USB drives — detailed, reduced-scale reproductions of ...

July 26, 2017
Make Your Best Work Better: Check Out These NVIDIA-Powered AI and VR Tools at SIGGRAPH 2017
If you’re a content creator, you’re not just striving to do your best work. You want to make your best work better. At the SIGGRAPH conference, which runs July 31-Aug. 3, we’ll show you how — thanks to the latest AI, VR, and advanced rendering ...

July 26, 2017
AI Podcast: Andrew Ng on the ‘New Electricity’
Purple shirts, haircuts, and cats. How are these three all related? According to Andrew Ng, they all played a part in AI’s growing presence in our lives. Ng, formerly of Google and Baidu, and the founder of his new company, Deeplearning.ai, joined ...

July 24, 2017
Faster AI, Lower Costs: We’re Showing How to Put AI to Work 100x Faster
Speeding up inference — which helps trained neural networks make decisions and predictions faster — is a hot topic in AI research. No surprise, since quick, solid judgment calls can pay off handsomely. Humans who are good at this often rise to the ...

July 23, 2017
How NVIDIA AI Labs Are Driving the Future of Computer Vision
How is sports strategy like self-driving cars and brain tumor diagnosis? They’re all the work of world-leading universities that are breaking new ground in artificial intelligence at the NVIDIA AI Labs. And they’ll all be on deck in the next few ...

July 22, 2017
Big Surprise for Top AI Brainiacs: NVIDIA CEO Gives World’s Top AI Researchers First NVIDIA Tesla V100s
AI is reshaping the world. The researchers gathered at this week’s Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition conference in Honolulu are reshaping AI. That’s why NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang chose to light up a meetup of elite deep learning researchers at ...

July 22, 2017
Get the Picture: How AI Helps Bing Search for Images Within Images
Search just got smarter, thanks to AI and NVIDIA GPUs. Microsoft’s Bing now lets you search for images within images. You can even buy items you find there. Let’s say you’re a “Fast and Furious” fan, and want to trick out your ride with the gear ...

August 01, 2017
HP, NVIDIA, Technicolor to Explore Future of Humanity on Mars with “HP Mars Home Planet”
HP Mars Home Planet — which kicks off at this week’s SIGGRAPH computer graphics conference in Los Angeles — promises to bring bring designers, inventors, space enthusiasts and experts together to examine the possibilities for colonization of our ...

August 01, 2017
The World’s Biggest Esports Tournament Relies on GeForce GTX and G-SYNC
Eighteen teams of world-class competitors. Rabid fans. One of the biggest prize pool in all of sports. We love DotA 2. And everything we love about DotA 2 — the competitive pressure, the teamwork, the action, the community — will be on display at ...

July 31, 2017
Dominoes Anyone? SIGGRAPH Attendees Go Head-to-Head with Isaac-trained Robot in VR and Real Life
Computers can beat humans at chess. They can categorize images with superhuman accuracy. Now we’re showing how to create machines smart enough to safely interact with us in our daily lives. We’re challenging attendees at the SIGGRAPH 2017 ...

July 31, 2017
NVIDIA Unleashes the Future of Live 360 Storytelling
To bring more immersive VR to more people, NVIDIA is releasing the VRWorks 360 Video SDK to enable production houses to live stream high-quality, 360 degree, stereo video to their audiences. 360 degree stereo stitching is a leap forward for the ...

July 31, 2017
A Whole New Game: NVIDIA Research Brings AI to Computer Graphics
The same GPUs that put games on your screen could soon be used to harness the power of AI to help game and film makers move faster, spend less and create richer experiences. At SIGGRAPH 2017 this week, NVIDIA is showcasing research that makes it far ...

July 31, 2017
NVIDIA Supercharges Rendering Performance with AI
New OptiX 5.0 Running on NVIDIA DGX Station Delivers Rendering Performance of 150 Servers
SIGGRAPH - NVIDIA today announced that it is bringing the power of artificial intelligence to rendering with the launch of NVIDIA OptiX™ 5.0 SDK with powerful new ray-tracing capabilities.

July 31, 2017
TITAN Xp Enables New Levels of Performance for Creative Professionals
TITAN Xp is the most powerful GPU you can put in your PC, and now we’re enabling even better performance with our latest TITAN drivers. We built TITAN Xp for people who design and create — and, of course, play games. And it’s always getting better. ...

July 31, 2017
NVIDIA External GPUs Bring New Creative Power to Millions of Artists and Designers
Interactive Rendering, VR, AI Development Now Possible on PC Notebooks
SIGGRAPH - NVIDIA today announced that 25 million artists and designers can now easily upgrade the capability of their notebooks to support new workflows such as video editing, interactive rendering, VR content creation, AI development and more.

July 28, 2017
AI Leaders Share Path to Success with Rising Female Stars
Luminaries and up-and-comers in the artificial intelligence community came together this week to support the participation of women in AI and computer vision research and share the impact they are making on our world. Computer vision is one of the ...

July 27, 2017
Autonomous Vehicle Development Now Speedier with NVIDIA DRIVE PX on Wheels
Self-driving cars will make transportation easy. But building an autonomous vehicle is arduous. That’s why we’ve partnered with AutonomouStuff, a supplier of components used within autonomy systems, to make DRIVE PX on Wheels available to ...

August 09, 2017
Two for the Road: Pair of Elite Teams Win AI City Challenge, TITAN Xp GPUs
As part of our effort to weave AI into the fabric of modern cities, we brought together 150 of the brightest minds in research and academia for the IEEE Smart World NVIDIA AI City Challenge. The two-month-long challenge culminated on August 5 in ...

August 09, 2017
Award-Winning VFX Studio MPC Turns NVIDIA GRID into a Star
You may have seen the work of leading visual effects studio MPC in movies such as The Jungle Book, Wonder Woman, Alien: Covenant and Pirates of the Caribbean. Now the latest name MPC is turning into a star is NVIDIA GRID. MPC (Moving Picture ...

August 08, 2017
Welcome to the Jet Age: How AI Makes Online Shopping Carts Smarter
Shopping online is nothing if not efficient. With a few clicks, just about anything can be found and comparison shopped for a low price. Jet.com is taking things a step further. The New Jersey startup uses AI to optimize the cost of entire shopping ...

August 07, 2017
Smartest AI Researchers Get Fastest GPUs: NVIDIA Gives Away More V100s
We’re working to put the world’s fastest GPU into the hands of the world’s smartest AI researchers. Last month in Honolulu, NVIDIA shocked top AI researchers, giving them the world’s first NVIDIA Tesla V100 GPU accelerators. Last night, in Sydney, ...

August 07, 2017
Boon for Binge Watching: How AI Could Help You Enjoy Even More TV
We love TV. Americans spend half their leisure time watching it. Now Comcast is using AI to help us love it even more. The company is using GPU-accelerated deep learning to make it easier than ever to find shows you want to watch. It’s also making ...

August 04, 2017
Eyes on the Driver: How AI Can Keep You Safe Behind the Wheel
Tailgaters. Red light runners. Hard braking. Whether in a Mini or a Mack truck, every driver faces nerve-wracking moments. With a small, AI-powered device mounted on the windshield, unsafe driving events like these can be detected as they happen and ...

August 04, 2017
How AI Can Determine the Future of Red Giants Like Our Sun
Light years away, dense stars are blazing into fiery stages of life as red giants. It’s challenging to determine the exact phase of these aging stars in the last stages of stellar evolution. A team of scientists from Australia and Denmark trained a ...

August 03, 2017
Keeping It Real: How an Online Shopping Site Uses Computer Vision AI to Weed Out Counterfeits
Image-recognition engines powered by AI are typically built to identify categories of images for inclusion — say, creating a database of images of photos with dogs or spotting friends in group shots. Sometimes, however, the goal is to identify ...

August 03, 2017
AI Podcast: In From the Wild Blue Yonder: Why Warehouses May Be a Sweet Spot for Drones
Drones are taking to the skies. But some, like Marc Gyongyosi, believe that drones should be focusing on staying indoors. When you’re indoors with flying machines, you have “no regulation,” said Gyongyosi. Gyongyosi, the CEO and founder of IFM ...

August 02, 2017
Speed Reader: Evolution AI Accelerates Data Processing with AI
The prospect of processing monotonous mountains of paperwork is not what dreams are made of. Yet that’s exactly a task shouldered by many workers in the legal, healthcare and finance industries, among others. Evolution AI, a U.K. startup and a ...

August 17, 2017
NVIDIA Quadro Virtual Data Center Workstation Software Turns Tesla GPU Servers into Powerful Workstations
Available from Major Server OEMs, Quadro vDWS Streams Any Workstation or HPC Application from the Data Center; GRID vPC Optimizes Digital Workplace TCO
NVIDIA today introduced new virtualization software capabilities that turn NVIDIA® Tesla® GPU-accelerated servers into powerful workstations and provide IT departments the resources they need to address the demands of an enterprise-wide virtual ...

August 17, 2017
World's Largest 'CS:GO' League Selects NVIDIA GeForce
The stakes are high. The crowds — online and off — are enormous. So the gear better be great. That’s why the world’s top Counter-Strike: Global Offensive teams will battle it out in the sixth season of the ESL Pro League for a $1 million prize pool ...

August 16, 2017
NVIDIA Invests in Chinese Autonomous Truck Startup TuSimple
NVIDIA GPU Ventures has joined a group of investors led by Chinese social media company Sina in investing more than $20 million in Chinese startup TuSimple. Formed in 2015, TuSimple develops technology for autonomous long-distance freight delivery. ...

August 15, 2017
NVIDIA DRIVE PX Gets Inside Track with Self-Driving Racecars
Rain, even several days of torrential downpours, wasn’t about to end the parade of driverless vehicle events at this year’s Formula Student Germany competition. Teams of university students have been working tirelessly for months to get to ready for ...

August 14, 2017
On Thin Ice: How AI Predicts Melting of Sea Ice
Arctic sea ice that once foiled bold explorers and led sailors to their deaths is melting as the Earth warms. But instead of making seafaring safer, melting ice creates new perils for ships, and the people in northern communities who depend on them ...

August 10, 2017
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Second Quarter Fiscal 2018
NVIDIA today reported record revenue for the second quarter ended July 30, 2017, of $2.23 billion, up 56 percent from $1.43 billion a year earlier, and up 15 percent from $1.94 billion in the previous quarter.

August 10, 2017
NVAIL Partners Showcase Groundbreaking Work at World’s Top Machine Learning Conference
Whether it’s helping neural networks learn how to learn or getting them to work with pseudo-labeled data, most of the advances in deep learning and artificial intelligence have happened in research labs. Researchers at the University of California ...

August 10, 2017
Researchers and Robots Swarm Japan’s RoboCup Competition
Some robots played soccer. Others tackled picking and packing duties in a simulated warehouse. Still others competed to see which could tackle household chores, like setting the table. 100,000 spectators — including 3,000 students and scientists — ...

August 10, 2017
20,000 Leagues Into Your Bowels: How GPUs Are Helping to Diagnose Gastrointestinal Anomalies
In the classic 1966 science fiction film “Fantastic Voyage,” a team of doctors and a space-aged submarine are shrunken and injected into an injured scientist to repair a brain clot. While microscopic medical teams are not yet journeying into the ...

August 09, 2017
AI Podcast: The Next Hans Zimmer? How AI May Create Music for Videogames, Exercise Routines
Imagine Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart as an algorithm. Or the next Hans Zimmer as a computer. At our annual GTC Technology Conference in May, our video from the keynote, titled “I Am AI,” featured music that was composed by AI itself. To accomplish this, ...

August 28, 2017
Room with a View: How Expedia Will Pick the Right Hotel Photos for You
We all need to make a good first impression. Even hotels. That’s why travel giant Expedia is using AI to help hotels put the right photos in front of the right people. Travelers spend less than a second deciding what they think of a place. So those ...

August 24, 2017
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Event for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following event for the financial community:

August 24, 2017
How AI Protects Paypal’s Payments and Performance
The next time you don’t recognize a transaction listed on your monthly PayPal statement, rest assured: AI will likely identify the culprit and help ensure it won’t happen again. “AI has been used at PayPal for a long time, it’s at the core of the ...

August 23, 2017
Climb Every Mountain: Austria’s Virtual Vehicle Starts Testing Self-Driving Car Loaded with DRIVE PX
While Austria’s alpine roads have long been famous for hairpin turns and spectacular views, its tamer streets are now in the spotlight, too, thanks to autonomous cars. Last month, Virtual Vehicle — an R&D center working on vehicles of the future — ...

August 22, 2017
NVIDIA Launches Startup Competition in Israel with AI Supercomputer as Prize
As part of our first GPU Technology Conference in Israel, we’ve launched a competition to find the best young companies in AI in a country known as “startup nation.” Ten finalists will compete in the Inception Awards Israel event at GTC, taking ...

August 21, 2017
Winner Winner, Schnitzel Dinner: Gamers Get Peek at What’s Next at Gamescom
Some will quaff the crisp Kölsch. Others will sample the savory pork knuckle. But all of the 350,000 gamers crowding into Cologne this week for the world’s largest gamer gathering will feast on the latest that gaming has to offer. With PC gaming ...

August 21, 2017
Winner, Winner, Chicken Dinner! NVIDIA Adds New Technology to Smash Hit Game PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds
Eight Million-Plus Gamers Can Now Automatically Record Amazing Moments Using New GeForce Experience ShadowPlay Highlights
Gamescom -- NVIDIA today announced it is collaborating with Bluehole Inc. to make its surprise hit game, PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, even better on GeForce® GTX PCs with the addition of NVIDIA® ShadowPlay™ Highlights and other advanced PC ...

August 21, 2017
NVIDIA and Square Enix Team Up to Deliver Stunning Version of FINAL FANTASY XV on PC
Newest addition to FINAL FANTASY XV Universe, FINAL FANTASY XV's WINDOWS EDITION, Comes Loaded with NVIDIA GameWorks Technology, Other Advanced PC Features
Gamescom - NVIDIA and Square Enix today announced they are bringing FINAL FANTASY XVWINDOWS EDITION to the PC and adding cutting-edge graphics and physics simulations technologies, as well as support for NVIDIA's capture and share tools.

August 18, 2017
Color Me Green: Summer Interns Living the Life NVIDIA
What’s a journalism and politics major from Ithaca College in upstate New York doing interning at NVIDIA, which focuses on AI, self-driving cars and VR? Believe me, I asked myself the same question. I never thought I would be writing on subjects ...

August 18, 2017
Start Your Engines: VW, NVIDIA Seeking AI Startups for Collaboration
Volkswagen and NVIDIA are looking to help five top startups put the pedal to the metal in the race to bring new technology to the automotive industry. The companies selected will join the Startup Collaboration Space at the Volkswagen Data:Lab in ...

September 13, 2017
Going to Pieces: Inventor Sorts 2 Million Lego Blocks with AI
Jacques Mattheij didn’t expect to buy two tons of Lego bricks. But that’s what happened after an evening of bidding — or rather, overbidding — on bulk lots of used bricks on eBay. His plan was to resell the bricks at a profit. But he won more than ...

September 11, 2017
Deep Learning’s Deepest Impact: AI Storming Through $6.5 Trillion Healthcare Industry
Flesh and blood. Bones and guts. As humans we feel nothing more viscerally — in the most literal sense — than our health. That makes this year’s gathering of the Medical Image Computing and Computer Assisted Interventions Society — MICCAI 2017 — in ...

September 07, 2017
DGX Systems Power New Era of Smart Machines for Industry
How do you safely send a human being to inspect a petroleum refinery flare stack — one that operates at hundreds of degrees and requires negotiating a high-risk vertical climb? The answer is you don’t. Yet this important work is at the heart of a ...

September 06, 2017
Just What the Doctor Ordered: Smarter Systems for AI-Assisted Radiology
We’re upgrading AI for healthcare. The research team at the Center for Clinical Data Science (CCDS) today received the world’s first purpose-built AI supercomputer from the all-new portfolio of NVIDIA DGX systems with Volta. CCDS was founded by ...

September 05, 2017
How AI Is Breathing New Life Into Digital SLR Cameras
To the throngs of those who’ve put down their complicated digital SLR cameras in favor of easy-to-use smartphones, Ryan Stout has a message: Not so fast. Stout is the founder, CEO and lead developer of Arsenal, a six-person, Montana-based startup ...

September 01, 2017
UC Berkeley’s Sergey Levine Explains How Deep Learning Will Unleash Robotics
How do you teach your robot to learn? This is the question that Sergey Levine, an assistant professor in the department of electrical engineering and computer science at UC Berkeley is trying to answer. “One of the most important things is that you ...

August 31, 2017
A Few Good Grads: NVIDIA Recruiters Seek Star Students
If you’re a university student with a passion for AI, we want to talk to you. Universities are only recently reopening for learning, but our recruiters have already launched their fall search for interns and new hires. We’re seeking the best and ...

August 30, 2017
Money Maker: How AI Can Accelerate Analytics in Financial Markets
In the bustling world of financial services, with continuous market fluctuations, numbers are king. One investment firm aims to harness the onslaught of qualitative information out there, using AI to wrangle to its advantage a surprising challenger ...

August 29, 2017
NVIDIA’s High School Interns Spend Summer Creating Robots
High school’s usually closed during the summer, but our inaugural batch of young “Jetson” interns never stopped learning. Over the course of seven weeks, we hosted 12 high schoolers to work with our embedded computing group, which focuses on ...

August 29, 2017
An Expert Will Be with You Shortly: Giving Chatbots Semantic Smarts
“No operators are currently available. Please hold the line. Your call will be answered in the order in which it was received.” Chances are you’ve heard this before when calling customer service. And chances are it drove you mad, if all you wanted ...

September 25, 2017
China's Top Server-Builders Adopt NVIDIA AI Design for Cloud Computing
Huawei, Inspur, Lenovo Select NVIDIA Volta HGX Architecture to Build AI Systems for Data Centers
GTC China - NVIDIA today announced that China's leading original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) -- including Huawei, Inspur and Lenovo -- are using the NVIDIA® HGX reference architecture to offer Volta architecture-based accelerated systems for ...

September 25, 2017
NVIDIA CEO Kicks Off Global GTC Tour, Unveiling AI Tools and Partnerships in China
As the AI revolution gains momentum, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang took the stage Tuesday in Beijing to show the latest technology for accelerating its mass adoption. His talk — to more than 3,500 scientists, engineers and press gathered for ...

September 22, 2017
Teens Build, Race Miniature Self-Driving Cars at MIT Summer Program
School is the last place most kids want to be over the summer. But then, most summer school classes don’t involve building race cars. And they especially don’t involve autonomous race cars. Yet that’s exactly what nearly 40 high schoolers did at ...

September 22, 2017
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang Kicks Off Berkeley AI Event
Highlighting the growing ties between NVIDIA and researchers at elite universities, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang spoke to a gathering of AI researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, Wednesday. The talk kicked off BAIR NVIDIA AI ...

September 22, 2017
20,000 GPU Developers, Data Scientists Flock to GTC 2017 World Tour
We’re taking our show on the road. Our global GPU Technology Conference series kicks off next week in Beijing. Following the largest GTC yet in Silicon Valley in May, this fall we’ll host major conferences in Asia, Europe and Washington, D.C., ...

September 20, 2017
How GPU-Powered Cellular Analysis Could Help Avoid Unnecessary Prostate Cancer Biopsies
Some 1.3 million men in North America each year undergo biopsies to determine whether they have prostate cancer. While these are ordered only after multiple tests indicate the possible presence of cancer, many are ultimately proven to have been ...

September 19, 2017
Painting the Town Smart: NVIDIA Launches Metropolis Software Partner Program
Opening up our effort to put deep learning to work creating safer, smarter cities, our Metropolis Software Partner Program, announced today, brings together a dozen software partners. The program offers a curated list of applications that makes it ...

September 15, 2017
Reinforcement Learning Key to Championship Soccer Robots, Robotics Pioneer Explains
Forget about robots stealing your job. Peter Stone is working on robots who can steal Ronaldo’s job. Let’s just say Stone won’t be out of work anytime soon. Citing the mantra of “good problems make good science,” Stone and other computer scientists ...

September 14, 2017
Smart, NVIDIA-Powered Cars Star at 2017 Frankfurt Motor Show
Sprawling across a fairground the size of 150 soccer fields, the Frankfurt Motor Show opens to the public today, providing one of the world’s great staging ground for new vehicle unveils and industry announcements. But despite the show’s size, it’s ...

September 14, 2017
AI Is Coming: Next Game of Thrones Chapter Written with Deep Learning
George R.R. Martin probably has nothing to worry about — yet. But fans who have been waiting for years for a new chapter in the popular fantasy series A Song of Ice and Fire — the basis for HBO’s Game of Thrones — saga are getting a little taste of ...

September 28, 2017
Stream Smarter: Google Assistant Now on SHIELD TV
The most advanced streamer just got smarter. SHIELD TV now offers the Google Assistant. SHIELD Experience Upgrade 6.0, available for download now, brings the power of the Google Assistant to your living room. And like SHIELD, your Google Assistant ...

September 27, 2017
Five AI China Startups Compete for Glory, and a DGX Station
Five CEOs of startups took the stage yesterday at GTC China in Beijing to see who could be the next Jack Ma. They were ostensibly competing for an NVIDIA DGX Station. But the real prize was to be recognized as one of China’s most promising AI ...

September 27, 2017
World's Largest Server Companies Announce NVIDIA Volta Systems Supercharged for AI
Dell EMC, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, IBM, Supermicro Announce Servers Based on NVIDIA Tesla V100 Accelerators -- World's Most Advanced Data Center GPU
SANTA CLARA, CA - NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) and its systems partners Dell EMC, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, IBM and Supermicro today unveiled more than 10 servers featuring NVIDIA® Volta architecture-based Tesla® V100 GPU accelerators -- the world's most ...

September 25, 2017
145 Automotive Startups Around the World Choose NVIDIA DRIVE
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang highlighted dozens of startups developing autonomous vehicle solutions using NVIDIA AI platforms in his keynote presentation today at the GPU Technology Conference in Beijing. Autonomous vehicles require AI to navigate a ...

September 25, 2017
NVIDIA Invests in Chinese Self-Driving Car Startup, JingChi
NVIDIA GPU Ventures has joined a group of investors led by Chinese venture capitalist firm, Qiming Venture, in investing $52 million in Chinese startup JingChi. Founded last spring by Tony Han and Jing Wang, former leaders of the autonomous driving ...

September 25, 2017
Signed, Sealed, Delivered: JD X Selects NVIDIA for AI Logistics and Delivery
“Special delivery” has new meaning if the package arrives by a drone or robot. That world’s not far off, as attendees of GTC China — the first in a series of NVIDIA’s GPU Technology Conferences being held this fall around the world — are finding out ...

September 25, 2017
Alibaba, Huawei Adopt NVIDIA’s Metropolis AI Smart Cities Platform
Metropolis, our platform for building AI smart cities, has added Alibaba and Huawei as new partners, and now includes the NVIDIA DeepStream software development kit in general availability. Alibaba and Huawei join more than 50 of the world’s leading ...

September 25, 2017
NVIDIA TensorRT 3 Dramatically Accelerates AI Inference for Hyperscale Data Centers
Alibaba, Baidu, Tencent, JD.com and Hikvision Adopt NVIDIA TensorRT for Programmable Inference Acceleration
GTC China - NVIDIA today unveiled new NVIDIA® TensorRT 3 AI inference software that sharply boosts the performance and slashes the cost of inferencing from the cloud to edge devices, including self-driving cars and robots.

September 25, 2017
China's Top Cloud Providers Adopt NVIDIA Volta GPUs to Supercharge Next-Gen AI Services
Alibaba Cloud, Baidu and Tencent Upgrade Data Centers with NVIDIA Tesla V100 GPU Accelerators
GTC China - NVIDIA today announced that China's technology giants are adopting the new NVIDIA® Volta GPU computing platform to accelerate AI for a broad range of enterprise and consumer applications.

September 25, 2017
NVIDIA Expands Deep Learning Institute AI Training Partnerships in China
NVIDIA is expanding its Deep Learning Institute initiative in China by partnering with Tencent and Leadtek to provide hands-on AI training to developers, researchers and data scientists. The partnerships were announced at GTC China, in Beijing, ...

October 10, 2017
Welcome to the Holodeck, NVIDIA's Design Lab of the Future
Early Access Offers Photorealistic VR Collaboration with Real-World Physics, Ready for AI
GTC Europe - NVIDIA today announced it has opened early access to NVIDIA® Holodeck™, its intelligent virtual reality platform, for select designers and developers.

October 09, 2017
Time Out: Smartphone App Detects Concussions on the Field
Just in time for the fall sports season, researchers are developing an AI-powered app that detects concussions right on the playing field. Despite grabbing recent headlines, football players aren’t the only ones at risk. Girls soccer has the highest ...

October 06, 2017
Hope and Healing: Four Cancer-Care Groups Receive $200K in NVIDIA Grants to Help Patients and Families
Until there’s a cure for cancer, patients and their families need support. That’s the goal of Jacob’s Heart Children’s Cancer Support Services, which provides care and counseling for children with cancer and their families in the high-need rural ...

October 04, 2017
Chemistry, Physics Nobels Awarded to Teams Supported by GPUs
It’s not every day your work assists someone who wins a Nobel Prize. This week GPU computing did it twice. On Tuesday, an international team of chemists — Jacques Dubochet, Joachim Frank and Richard Henderson — won the prize for their work with ...

October 04, 2017
Smart Money: Doing Research in AI? Apply for Our $50,000 Grad Fellowship Grants
We’re working to connect the world’s brightest minds with GPU technology that can help solve some of the world’s biggest research problems. That’s why we’ve launched our 17th annual Graduate Fellowship Program. We’re looking for students doing ...

October 03, 2017
Making Waves: Physicists Win Nobel Prize for GPU-Powered Gravity Wave Detection
Thanks to an experiment powered in part by GPUs, three American physicists — Rainer Weiss, Barry Barish and Kip Thorne — have won the 2017 Nobel Prize in physics. The award cites the contributions the three physicists made to Laser Interferometer ...

October 03, 2017
Outpacing the Market: Quest for Better Investment Returns Leads to AI
Beating the market is hard. Notoriously hard. A large majority of professional portfolio managers, after deducting their fees, don’t do it.(1) And Warren Buffett — one of the greatest investors ever — famously said regular investors shouldn’t even ...

October 03, 2017
Oracle Supercharges Its Cloud Offerings with NVIDIA Tesla GPUs
Oracle announced today that it’s bringing the power of our latest Tesla GPU accelerators to its public cloud. Speaking this morning at Oracle OpenWorld, Don Johnson, the company’s senior vice president of product development, said that Oracle Cloud ...

October 02, 2017
The AI Will (I)CU Now: Deep Learning Helps Guide Decisions in Intensive Care
If it wasn’t for a mysterious hot pepper allergy, Harini Suresh might never have found a way to improve patient care in intensive care units. Suresh, a doctoral student at MIT, wants to use AI to help critical care doctors choose the best treatment ...

September 29, 2017
Getting Good Ink: How AI Can Help You Find the Perfect Tattoo
Few choices in life are more personal, or more permanent, than picking a tattoo. Getting just the one you want may soon get a little easier thanks to AI. Tattoodo, a Copenhagen-based startup, has come up with a deep learning-powered app that can ...

October 14, 2017
Painting with Content: AI Will Accelerate Creative Work, Artomatix CTO Says
Video games have evolved into sprawling virtual worlds that can take months to explore. Retailers are building ever more detailed 3D environments to showcase their wares. And in a high-definition world, digital effects in movies and television grow ...

October 13, 2017
Unlimited Creativity: Explore the Power of NVIDIA GPUs at Adobe MAX
Creative pros test the limits of our imagination. But for them to do so, they need the fastest, most responsive tools at their fingertips. They need an NVIDIA GPU. At Adobe MAX, which runs Oct. 16-18 in Las Vegas, you can see how the speed of our ...

October 12, 2017
Take It to the Track: Autonomous Vehicle Demos Roll Through GTC Europe
Against a backdrop of Bavaria’s fall foliage, autonomous vehicles are driving on the test track at GTC Europe in Munich. Deutsche Post DHL is demonstrating its “last mile” autonomous delivery. On Tuesday, NVIDIA announced that DPDHL, the world’s ...

October 12, 2017
Where Cars Are the Stars: NVIDIA AI-Powered Vehicles Dazzle at GTC Europe
When in Munich, admire the cars. Attendees at GTC Europe did just that, as the doors of the International conference Center opened on Tuesday to an array of AI vehicles. From autonomous racecars to unmanned shuttles, they represent many new types of ...

October 11, 2017
Vincent AI Sketch Demo Draws In Throngs at GTC Europe
Cambridge Consultants showed off an deep-learning driven application this week at GTC Europe in Munich that lets you pick up a stylus and sketch out a few lines, and watch, in real-time, as the application turns your squiggles into art in one of ...

October 11, 2017
Five Hot AI Startups Step into Spotlight at GTC Europe Inception Awards
They’re the elite. The best of the best. We’ll make them better. We brought five of the hottest startups in Europe and put them in front of a panel of some of tech’s savviest players at GTC Europe in Munich Tuesday. Then we gave one of them — ...

October 10, 2017
NVIDIA CEO Revs Up Auto Industry with New Autonomous Car Computer and VR Design Tool
NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang took the stage Tuesday in Munich — one of the hubs of the global auto industry — to introduce a powerful new AI computer for fully autonomous vehicles and a new VR application for those who design them. Huang’s ...

October 10, 2017
Deutsche Post DHL Group Selects NVIDIA DRIVE PX for Autonomous Delivery Truck Fleet
GTC Europe - NVIDIA today announced that Deutsche Post DHL Group (DPDHL), the world's largest mail and logistics company, and ZF, one of the world's largest automotive suppliers, have partnered together to deploy a test fleet of autonomous delivery ...

October 10, 2017
NVIDIA Announces World's First AI Computer to Make Robotaxis a Reality
25+ Companies Developing Level 5 Robotaxis on NVIDIA CUDA GPUs
GTC Europe -- NVIDIA today unveiled the world's first artificial intelligence computer designed to drive fully autonomous robotaxis.

October 10, 2017
Join Us as We Build NVIDIA Holodeck
Imagine rendering large, photorealistic and highly detailed models, in real time, at life-like scale. Suppose you could collaborate on your design, naturally, with colleagues from all over the world. Consider what you could do if the interaction ...

October 26, 2017
Gamers Rejoice - GeForce GTX 1070 Ti Coming Nov. 2
Just in time for the holidays, NVIDIA has added the new GeForce GTX 1070 Ti to our Pascal lineup of gaming GPUs. Sliding in between the much-lauded GeForce GTX 1080 and 1070 GPUs, the new GeForce GTX 1070 Ti will be available worldwide on November ...

October 25, 2017
NVIDIA Launches AI Cloud Container Registry to Accelerate Deep Learning, Volta GPUs Debut on Amazon Web Services
Fully Tested, Optimized, Up-to-Date Deep Learning Software Available for Amazon EC2 P3 Instances Now
NVIDIA today announced immediate availability of the NVIDIA® GPU Cloud (NGC) container registry for AI developers worldwide.

October 25, 2017
NVIDIA, Taiwan’s Ministry of Science and Technology to Accelerate Taiwan AI Revolution with NVIDIA AI Computing Platform
Collaboration Covers Five Initiatives to Help Taiwan Enterprises Harness Deep Learning’s Transformative Powers
GTC Taiwan -- NVIDIA today announced that it is collaborating with Taiwan’s Ministry of Science and Technology (MOST) to accelerate the development of artificial intelligence across Taiwan’s...

October 24, 2017
How AI Could Help People Dodge Monster Storms
If you wonder why we need a better way to predict hurricanes, just ask the people of Houston. Authorities knew Hurricane Harvey was heading to south Texas, but forecasters couldn’t say precisely which areas would be hardest hit. So, most Houstonians ...

October 23, 2017
To Saturn, and Beyond: Making Impossible Wishes Come True with Virtual Reality
Zayden Wright knows how to dream big. When the Georgia chapter of the Make-A-Wish Foundation asked the seven year old what he wanted most in the entire world, he was ready with a reply. He wished he could blast off to outer space and visit Saturn in ...

October 18, 2017
Inaugural GTC Israel Focuses on Nation of Startups
Over 1,600 developers, entrepreneurs and technologists jammed into Tel Aviv’s glass-walled Convention Center on Wednesday, the latest swing in our six-city global GPU Technology Conference tour. In a broad and technically deep keynote, NVIDIA ...

October 18, 2017
NVIDIA Inception Awards Come to Tel Aviv: Ultimate Startup Faceoff Plays Out in Ultimate Startup Center
It was the ultimate setting – like playing baseball and Yankee Stadium or singing opera and La Scala. NVIDIA’s Inception Award competition for promising AI startups found its perfect home today in a packed auditorium in Tel Aviv, the epicenter of ...

October 18, 2017
NVIDIA’s Inception Program for AI Startups Adds 2,000th Member
Less than 18 months after its launch, NVIDIA’s Inception program — which helps accelerate startups pushing the frontiers of AI and data science — has signed up its 2,000th member company. The milestone was reached with Imagry, a Haifa, Israel-based ...

October 17, 2017
Extreme Weather: GPUs Help Startup Provide Hyperlocal, High-Resolution ‘Nowcasting’
In the U.S., weather data begins and ends with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. Its High Resolution Rapid Refresh model assimilates observation data every 15 minutes and provides updated weather predictions every hour. To get ...

October 17, 2017
NVIDIA GPUs Are VR Ready for New Microsoft Windows Mixed Reality Headsets
Windows Mixed Reality headsets are hitting the market starting today from Acer, Dell, HP, Lenovo, Samsung and other leading OEMs. They debut a major feature to the PC virtual reality ecosystem — inside-out tracking — which means no external cameras ...

November 07, 2017
By Predicting Seizures, AI Could Be a Life-Changer for People with Epilepsy
I was diagnosed with epilepsy in my teens. The daily barbiturate I was prescribed to prevent seizures made me sleepy and I had trouble concentrating. Plus, I suffered even worse headaches than the ones that sent me to the neurologist in the first ...

November 07, 2017
Star Wars Fans: NVIDIA Has a GPU for Your Light and Dark Side
Tatooine, Outer Rim Territory—NVIDIA has announced two new collector’s edition NVIDIA TITAN Xp GPUs created for the ultimate Star Wars fan. The new Jedi Order™ and Galactic Empire™ editions of the NVIDIA TITAN Xp have been crafted to reflect the ...

October 31, 2017
Stephen King’s Worst Nightmare? MIT Brings AI Horror Writer to Life
Evil clowns. Undead pets. Haunted hotels. New England-based horror writer Stephen King has been scaring us all for decades. Now — just in time for Halloween — a team at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology is at the center of what might be the ...

October 31, 2017
NVIDIA Announces New AI Partners, Courses, Initiatives to Deliver Deep Learning Training Worldwide
NVIDIA today announced a broad expansion of its Deep Learning Institute (DLI), which is training tens of thousands of students, developers and data scientists with critical skills needed to apply artificial intelligence.

October 30, 2017
How AI Could Spot Lung Cancer Sooner – and Save Lives
Lung cancer is the most common cancers worldwide. It’s also one of the most deadly. More than 80 percent of people with lung cancer die within five years of being diagnosed, and half die within a year. H. Michael Park, co-founder of startup ...

October 30, 2017
AI Podcast: Malong Technologies Promises to Set Humans Free, and Deep Learning Loose
Deep learning can seem like magic. But behind that magic there’s often drudgery — painstakingly labeled data is key to many deep learning projects. “It’s something that has slowed down our industry because the reliance on human annotated data … it’s ...

October 27, 2017
A Real Life Hoverbike and 4 Other Stunning Demos at GTC DC
An AI police car. A holodeck. A hoverbike. Yes, a hoverbike. Most people don’t think of AI and cutting-edge technology when they think of our nation’s capital. But that’s going to change — bigly — when NVIDIA and a couple dozen technology partners ...

October 26, 2017
Why Simulated Roads Make Self-Driving Cars Safer
Safety is paramount when developing any vehicle, whether driven by a person or a computer. During the development of autonomous vehicles, the self-driving technologies must be evaluated again and again in a variety of driving conditions to ensure ...

October 26, 2017
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for Third-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of Call
NVIDIA will host a conference call on Thursday, Nov. 9, at 2 p.m. PT (5 p.m. ET) to discuss its financial results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2018, ending October 29, 2017.

October 26, 2017
NVIDIA Announces AI Collaboration with Taiwan in Fourth Major International Deep Learning Event in a Month
In its fourth major global AI event in a month, NVIDIA today underscored its commitment to helping Taiwan jumpstart deep learning in a nation best known for its central role in tech’s global supply chain. NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang told a ...

November 16, 2017
How AI Can Detect Lung Cancer from CT Scans
Detecting, diagnosing and treating cancer requires having access to the right tools. Consider lung cancer, which causes one in five cancer-related deaths worldwide — taking about 1.6 million lives a year — and which has frustratingly high rates of ...

November 15, 2017
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
SANTA CLARA, Calif. -- NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community:

November 15, 2017
A Picture Worth a Thousand Recipes: AI Serves Up Feast of Recipes for Thanksgiving and Beyond
You’re hosting your first Thanksgiving dinner for your extended family. So the pressure’s on. You need recipes that’ll wow the crowd, ones that live up to the gorgeous images in food magazines. AI may be able to help. Just upload a photo of whatever ...

November 14, 2017
Volta-Powered Supercomputers to Supercharge AI, Scientific Discovery
The just-released TOP500 supercomputer list shows a record 34 new NVIDIA-accelerated systems, bringing our total to 87. But we’re only just getting started. By the time the next list surfaces in June, some of the first supercomputers with our new ...

November 13, 2017
Playing It Ghoul: ‘Zombie Graph’ Charts How AI Brings Virtual Worlds to Life
Few parts of popular culture show as much life right now as zombies, what with AMC’s “The Walking Dead” and the White Walkers stalking HBO’s “Game of Thrones” headlining a raft of shows featuring reanimated corpses. Now, an Irish startup has found a ...

November 13, 2017
NVIDIA Expands HPC Footprint at SC17, as Study Shows GPU Acceleration Key for Scientific Computing
Top 15 and 70% of top 50 HPC applications now GPU accelerated; record number of GPU-accelerated systems join TOP500 list. There’s no more vivid display of NVIDIA’s growing momentum in high performance computing than in the hallways of this week’s ...

November 13, 2017
NVIDIA Chosen by Every Major Computer Maker, Every Major Cloud
New Containers on NVIDIA GPU Cloud Help Developers Instantly Deploy Fully Optimized AI and HPC Software
SC17 -- NVIDIA today announced the world’s most advanced data center GPU — the NVIDIA® Tesla® V100 GPU based on NVIDIA’s Volta architecture — is available through every major computer maker and chosen by every major cloud to deliver artificial ...

November 09, 2017
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Third Quarter Fiscal 2018
NVIDIA today reported record revenue for the third quarter ended October 29, 2017, of $2.64 billion, up 32 percent from $2.00 billion a year earlier, and up 18 percent from $2.23 billion in the previous quarter, with growth across all its platforms.

November 09, 2017
NVIDIA Earns Perfect Score on Workplace Equality Index for Third Year in a Row
NVIDIA received top marks for the third year in a row on on the Corporate Equality Index, a U.S. benchmark measuring corporate policies and practices for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer employees. We’re committed to creating a ...

November 09, 2017
One Year, 100 Games: NVIDIA Indie Spotlight Program Shines a Light on Great Games
Great games sometimes take the gaming community by surprise. Player Unknown’s Battlegrounds, the breakout hit of 2017, is a prime example. More often than not, like PUBG, those surprises come from independent game developers. But deserving titles ...

November 29, 2017
How to Get a Job in Robotics? Let NVIDIA and Udacity Train You to Create Software
  Building robots isn’t just a hobby anymore. Now you can build a career creating the software that will make bots better. Step one: enroll in Udacity’s Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree program. NVIDIA’s Deep Learning Institute is now working ...

November 28, 2017
Kung Fu, Pulled Pork, Prime Parking Up for Bid at Our Annual Charity Auction
Maybe it says a lot about the work we do at NVIDIA that some of the most coveted items in our annual charity auction — parking spots — are about getting to work quicker. Or could be people hate to walk. Grab one of the several dozen primo spots up ...

November 26, 2017
NVIDIA Teams Up with GE Healthcare, Nuance to Bring Power of AI to Medical Imaging
As healthcare professionals strive to increase their efficiency to serve an ever-growing population, the industry is turning to AI and machine learning as essential tools to improve productivity and patient outcomes. And NVIDIA is playing a leading ...

November 26, 2017
GE and NVIDIA Join Forces to Accelerate Artificial Intelligence Adoption in Healthcare
GE Healthcare and NVIDIA today announced they will deepen their 10-year partnership to bring the most sophisticated artificial intelligence to GE Healthcare’s...

November 26, 2017
Deep Learning Opens Door to Intelligent Medical Instruments
For centuries, doctors have wanted to see inside their patients, using the best available tools to help them detect, diagnose and treat disease. Innovations in diagnostic imaging technology, such as CT scans, 3D-ultrasound and MRI, have helped save ...

November 23, 2017
Seeing Is Believing: Startup Uses 3D Modeling to Make Autonomous Driving Safer
It might come as a surprise that only 4 percent of new car buyers, according to a U.K. survey, place safety as a top priority when considering their purchase. Make that vehicle autonomous, however, and many people become wary of the safety ...

November 21, 2017
All Greek to Me: GPUs Power Groundbreaking VR Experience
If you’ve ever dabbled in Latin poetry, you may have stumbled upon Ovid’s Metamorphoses. Its tales of transformation and reality have fascinated artists for centuries. In a similar theme, a new artwork, La Dispersion du Fils, tells the story of ...

November 20, 2017
Wrestling with Fame: First-Ever High School Team Squares Off Against Top Universities in Annual Supercomputing Challenge
Most underdogs don’t take home the trophy. But that didn’t stop the Sudo Wrestlers from competing as the first all-high school team in the 11th annual Student Cluster Competition, held last week at the SC17 supercomputing show, in Denver. Dozens of ...

November 17, 2017
AI Devices that Walk, Roll and Fly — and Tacos — Draw Developers to NVIDIA HQ
At an event that spanned everything from robots to the software and semiconductors that power them, our team in charge of autonomous machines hosted Thursday the first public meetup at NVIDIA’s new headquarters building. The evening event drew ...

November 16, 2017
NVIDIA’s Secret Sauce? ‘Culture,’ America’s Top Biz Magazine Writes
Highlighting NVIDIA’s accomplishments — and its extraordinary culture — Fortune magazine Thursday named NVIDIA’s Jensen Huang its 2017 businessperson of the year. “The co-founder and CEO of semiconductor and software maker NVIDIA saw the future of ...

December 07, 2017
AI-Based Rendering Comes to Hollywood
Chaos Group V-Ray, Isotropix Clarisse and Redshift Renderer embrace NVIDIA OptiX to dramatically change VFX workflows. The next blockbuster coming to a theater near you may arrive sooner than ever, thanks to the new AI-based capabilities of the ...

December 07, 2017
NVIDIA TITAN V Transforms the PC into AI Supercomputer
Volta-Powered GPU Delivers 110 Teraflops of Deep Learning Horsepower — 9x Its Predecessor — to Researchers and Scientists
Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems -- NVIDIA today introduced TITAN V, the world’s most powerful GPU for the PC, driven by the world’s most advanced GPU architecture, NVIDIA Volta.

December 07, 2017
Where’s AI Going Next? Ask an AI… or the Researchers Whose Work We’re Demoing at NIPS
Where’s AI going next? There may be no better place to ask that question than this week’s Conference and Workshop on Neural Information Processing Systems — better known as NIPS — in Long Beach, Calif. And there may be no one more fun to ask than ...

December 04, 2017
Head(shot) of the Class: Elite Counter-Strike Teams Compete for $1 Million in ESL Pro League Finals
Speed. Aggression. Precision. Whether you play Valve’s Counter-Strike: Global Offensive — better known as CS:GO to millions of fans — or you’ve never heard of it, when played at the highest level this is a game like no other. You’ll be able to see ...

December 04, 2017
NVIDIA GPU Cloud Now Available to Hundreds of Thousands of AI Researchers Using NVIDIA Desktop GPUs
NGC Expands Further, with NVIDIA TensorRT Inference Accelerator, ONNX Compatibility, Immediate Support for MXNet 1.0
NVIDIA today announced that hundreds of thousands of AI researchers using desktop GPUs can now tap into the power of NVIDIA GPU Cloud (NGC) as the company has extended NGC support to NVIDIA TITAN.

December 03, 2017
Where Is AI Headed in 2018?
13 predictions by researchers and experts from around the world. Publications like The Wall Street Journal, Forbes and Fortune have all called 2017 “The Year of AI.” And with good reason. AI outperformed professional gamers and poker players in new ...

December 03, 2017
NVIDIA Researchers Showcase Major Advances in Deep Learning at NIPS
AI has become part of the public consciousness. But to glimpse the minds of the people driving it forward, check out NIPS, arguably the world’s most prestigious neural network and machine learning conference. Researchers and data scientists have ...

December 01, 2017
NVIDIA AI Redefines Future of Mobility at Los Angeles Auto Show
Known as the “Car Capital of the World,” LA welcomes today tens of thousands of car enthusiasts to the Los Angeles Auto Show, giving them a snapshot of what cool new models will hit the streets in the year ahead. Earlier in the week, I got a sneak ...

November 30, 2017
NVIDIA Expands AI Startup Portfolio with Investments in Three Data Science Companies
NVIDIA today continued its support of the AI startup ecosystem with investments in three companies that are advancing the state of the art of GPU-accelerated data science. Acting through its NVIDIA GPU Ventures arm, the company is investing in ...

November 30, 2017
NVIDIA Foundation Awards $400,000 to Pioneering Cancer Researchers
The road less traveled. That describes how two research teams are approaching the fight against cancer, using GPU-accelerated computing and deep learning to explore new genetic pathways for clues to more effective treatments. Each will receive a ...

December 18, 2017
Sight for Sore AIs: How Deep Learning Detects Eye Disease
A few years before she died, my mother began to lose her vision to macular degeneration. As her central vision blurred, she had to give up her driver’s license. At first she could read with ever-larger magnifiers, but later she couldn’t do that, ...

December 15, 2017
NVAIL Partners Show Groundbreaking AI Research at NIPS Event
More people have probably heard of the annual NIPS conference in the past week than over its previous 30 years as the premier event focused on neural networks. The once obscure gathering — held last week in Long Beach, Calif. — drew coverage from ...

December 15, 2017
How (and Where) to Get a Great Crash Course in AI
Artificial intelligence is years, even decades, from replicating functions of the human mind, but it’s still getting serious work done today. And its influence will only expand. The irony of all that promise: Human minds are way behind. Relatively ...

December 15, 2017
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Event for Financial Community
SANTA CLARA, Calif., Dec. 15, 2017 -- NVIDIA will present at the following event for the financial community:

December 12, 2017
AI Defining Transportation’s Future at GTC Japan
Whether they drive themselves or improve the safety of their driver, tomorrow’s vehicles will be defined by software. However, it won’t be written by developers but by processing data. To prepare for that future, the transportation industry is ...

December 12, 2017
Last Stop - Land of the Rising Robot: GTC Global Tour Wraps Up in Tokyo
Amid robots and roadcars, NVIDIA concluded its seven-city global GPU Technology Conference series in Japan, which leads the world in autonomous machines. Yet another packed house greeted the event — 4,000+ developers, company execs and researchers ...

December 12, 2017
Japan’s Komatsu Selects NVIDIA as Partner for Deploying AI to Create Safer, More Efficient Construction Sites
GTC Japan -- Komatsu, one of the world’s largest manufacturers of construction and mining equipment, has selected NVIDIA as its partner to bring AI to jobsites, making them safer and more efficient, NVIDIA announced today.

December 12, 2017
Meet the Companies Already Changing the World with AI
“I Am AI” docuseries spotlights innovators’ groundbreaking achievements. Medical devices that monitor and respond to changes in our health. Robotic assistants that know what we want before we do. Kitchens that help us with our shopping and plan our ...

December 12, 2017
Long Pedal to a Kaggle Medal: How a Thousand-Kilometer Bike Trip Ended with a Win for Rainforests
Sometimes, you need to see the trees to see the forest. Shubin Dai celebrated a recent Christmas with a 1,000-kilometer mountain biking trip that gave him a close-up view of China’s largest rainforest. This year, the Chinese entrepreneur is ...

December 07, 2017
NVIDIA CEO Brings Orchestra, AI-Generated Star Wars Music — and First TITAN V GPUs — to Top AI Brainiacs
May the force — and 21 billion transistors — be with you. NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang on Thursday lit up a gathering of hundreds of elite deep learning researchers at the Conference and Workshop on Neural Information Processing Systems — better known as ...

January 06, 2018
CES 2018 Live: NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang Press Event
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang will get things rolling at CES 2018, in Las Vegas, Sunday night at 8pm Pacific. We won’t spoil any of the CES surprises. But stay tuned. We’ll be live blogging from this page throughout the event. Hit refresh on your browser ...

January 03, 2018
Audi Kicks Off Its ‘Year of AI’ at Taipei International Auto Show
Kicking off its “Year of AI,” Audi brought a powerful story about the future of mobility — and 20 vehicles — to the Taipei International Auto Show, which runs through Friday. The show brought some of the world’s leading automakers to the gleaming ...

January 02, 2018
Ante Up: CES 2018 Kicks Off with NVIDIA’s Jensen Huang
The year in tech wakes up early with the annual International Consumer Electronics Show, in Las Vegas, and it will do so with a jolt in 2018 on Sunday, Jan. 7, at 8pm, when NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang takes the stage. Huang, recently named ...

December 28, 2017
Making Life on the Road Easier for Truckers with AI-Infused Autonomy
Episode 2 of “I am AI” docuseries explores safer conditions for truck drivers. Truck drivers haul most of the freight that traverses the U.S. With long hours, mounting demand to fulfill online orders, and the perils of navigating everything from ...

December 28, 2017
Musician Who Lost His Arm Plays Piano Again with AI Prosthesis
A “Star Wars”-inspired limb provides control of each finger. A galaxy far, far away is a little closer with the invention of a robotic arm inspired by Luke Skywalker’s bionic hand. And while this arm may not wield a lightsaber, it has a greater ...

December 22, 2017
Not Too Cool to Rule: How One of NVIDIA’s Most Coveted Products Measures Up
The story behind NVIDIA’s least likely cult product began in 2016 with VP of Hardware Engineering Andrew Bell, a 15-year veteran of the company. Bell wanted something engineers could slip into their back pocket and take with them to design meetings. ...

December 22, 2017
Watch Santa’s Annual Journey in Unprecedented Detail Thanks to GPUs
He’s 260 pounds. He’s jolly. He and his reindeer travel at hypersonic speeds. We may not understand Santa Claus and his yearly Christmas eve journey. But, thanks to NORAD — which monitors the skies above North America for flying phenomenon of all ...

December 21, 2017
NVIDIA Logo Aglow in Austin Holiday Lights Spectacular
Christmas comes early and stays late in Austin, Texas, where one home is ablaze with festive holiday lights by mid-November — and delights and dazzles the neighborhood well into January. The sparkling display is created by Lee Franzen, a senior ...

December 18, 2017
Sweden’s Uniti Reimagines Urban Mobility with NVIDIA-Powered Autonomous Electric Car
From its sustainable production facility on the Swedish coast, startup Uniti recently unveiled its vision for the future of transportation. The centerpiece: Uniti One, an affordable, all-electric vehicle that sets new standards in sustainability, ...

December 18, 2017
Robot Rodeo: Multitude of Mechanical Marvels Carry the Day at GTC Japan
In a country known for its hospitality, attendees of GTC Japan, the final leg in our global tour GPU Technology Conferences, were warmly greeted and offered a beverage. The courteous host wasn’t human, but a cute, cylindrical rolling robot, named ...

January 07, 2018
NVIDIA Captures Pole Position at CES Amid Flurry of Auto News
NVIDIA tonight jump-started CES 2018, quickly putting more road between it and the competition in the race to create safe solutions for autonomous driving. Speaking to a crowd of nearly 1,000 people, NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang announced that the ...

January 07, 2018
Volkswagen and NVIDIA to Infuse AI into Future Vehicle Lineup
VW I.D. Buzz to Use NVIDIA DRIVE IX Technology for AI Co-Pilot Capabilities
CES — Volkswagen and NVIDIA today shared their vision for how AI and deep learning will shape the development of a new generation of intelligent Volkswagen vehicles using the NVIDIA DRIVE™ IX platform to create new cockpit experiences and improve ...

January 07, 2018
PC Gaming: More Than 1 Billion Players &#8230; and Counting
As the world’s most important consumer trade show plays out this week in Las Vegas, don’t overlook the world’s most important form of consumer entertainment. PC gaming. We’re bringing plenty of news to CES, of course. We’re announcing a new breed of ...

January 07, 2018
With GeForce NOW a Billion Cheap PCs Can Now Taste Gaming Greatness, Too
Your underpowered PC can now pack the punch of high-performance GeForce GTX GPUs with GeForce NOW. Starting today, the game-streaming service, which launched a successful beta last summer, is available as a free beta compatible with most ...

January 07, 2018
GeForce Experience Gets New Freestyle Feature and More at CES 2018
NVIDIA introduces Freestyle, updated Ansel UI; Fortnite Battle Royale supports ShadowPlay Highlights We’re bringing more new features to more of the games you love. NVIDIA Freestyle, a new feature that allows you to customize your gameplay, and an ...

January 07, 2018
Uber Selects NVIDIA Technology to Power Its Self-Driving Fleets
Uber’s AI Self-Driving Cars and Trucks Have Already Driven 2M+ Autonomous Miles, Completed Over 50,000 Rides
CES -- NVIDIA and Uber today announced that the ridesharing company has selected NVIDIA technology for the AI computing system in its fleet of self-driving vehicles.

January 07, 2018
NVIDIA, ZF and Baidu Launch Industry’s First AI Autonomous Vehicle Computer for China
NVIDIA DRIVE Xavier Powers ZF ProAI with Baidu Apollo Pilot
CES — NVIDIA, ZF and Baidu today announced that they are creating a production-ready AI autonomous vehicle platform designed for China, the world’s largest automotive market.

January 07, 2018
NVIDIA and Aurora Collaborate to Build Next-Generation Autonomous Vehicle Compute Platform
Aurora to Use NVIDIA DRIVE Xavier in Its Self-Driving Compute Platform
CES -- NVIDIA and Aurora today announced that they are working together to create a new Level 4 and Level 5 self-driving hardware platform that will use the NVIDIA DRIVE Xavier™ processor.

January 07, 2018
NVIDIA DRIVE Xavier, World’s Most Powerful SoC, Brings Dramatic New AI Capabilities
Built to bring AI to every aspect of the driving experience — and provide a technological path forward for the 320-plus companies and organizations working with us on autonomous vehicles — our first DRIVE Xavier autonomous machine processors are up ...

January 07, 2018
NVIDIA Supersizes PC Gaming with New Breed of Big Format Gaming Displays
“BFGDs” Integrate NVIDIA G-SYNC and SHIELD to Deliver World’s First Giant Screen PC Gaming Experience
CES -- PC gaming today makes the leap to a giant screen, with NVIDIA’s introduction of big format gaming displays, or BFGDs.

January 17, 2018
CES 2018: NVIDIA Racks Up Awards in Gaming, Automotive
There’s no better way to leave Las Vegas than with a big bag of loot. We left the annual International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas last week with more than twenty awards for everything from dazzling new Big Format Gaming Display to our ...

January 16, 2018
Chinese Automaker Chery to Use NVIDIA-Powered ZF ProAI for Level 3 Autonomous Cars
Chery, one of China’s leading automakers, is adopting the new ZF ProAI system, powered by NVIDIA DRIVE AI self-driving technology, to bring Level 3 autonomous driving to the world’s biggest auto market. The news was announced today at the North ...

January 16, 2018
Computer Vision Startup Plugs Critical Security Hole in Vehicle Inspection
Amir Hever was driving into a government facility a few years ago when he discovered a huge flaw in their security process. As he approached the entrance gate, a security guard dropped to his knees to look underneath his vehicle. “When he stood up, ...

January 12, 2018
Automotive Innovations Powered by NVIDIA DRIVE Draw Crowds at CES 2018
There was no escaping the automotive innovations, or the camera-toting crowds gawking at them, at CES 2018 this week in Las Vegas. NVIDIA kicked off the show with a torrent of new partnerships and autonomous driving solutions. Uber, Volkswagen, ...

January 12, 2018
An AI for AI: New Algorithm Poised to Fuel Scientific Discovery
Deep learning is performing wonders, automating everything from driving to recognizing speech to composing music. Now, it’s poised to fire up scientific discovery, thanks to new software created by scientists at the U.S. Department of Energy’s Oak ...

January 10, 2018
Magic Bus: NVIDIA Holodeck Brings Iconic VW Microbuses of the Past — and Future — to the Floor of CES
I just took part in the trippiest experience at CES this week. It doesn’t involve psychedelics, though it does involve a journey to the 1960s, and forward to the 2020s. I can’t say the trip was long, but it was just the right kind of strange. I was ...

January 10, 2018
NVIDIA Announces World’s First Functionally Safe AI Self-Driving Platform
NVIDIA DRIVE Enables Automakers to Create Self-Driving Vehicles That Can Operate Safely Even When Faults Are Detected
CES -- NVIDIA today unveiled details of its functional safety architecture for NVIDIA DRIVE™, its AI autonomous vehicle platform, which uses redundant and diverse functions to enable vehicles to operate safely, even in the event of faults related to ...

January 09, 2018
NVIDIA to Power Mercedes-Benz MBUX, Its Next-Gen  AI-Powered Cockpit
What will the next generation of automotive cockpits look like? Mercedes-Benz answered that question at CES 2018, in Las Vegas, unveiling a radical new in-car infotainment system that puts AI to work to revolutionize how drivers and passengers ...

January 08, 2018
The Moment Jensen Huang Realized NVIDIA Would Change the World
In a tony restaurant overlooking the Bellagio Hotel’s ornate floodlit fountains, top execs packed into Fortune’s Brainstorm Tech dinner, which kicks off each year’s CES show. NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang, who last month was named Fortune magazine’s ...

January 29, 2018
NVIDIA and BHGE Pump AI into Oil & Gas Industry
Before oil and gas companies recover a single drop of oil, they have to deal with data. Oceans of data. NVIDIA and Baker Hughes, a GE company (BHGE), are partnering to use AI and GPU-accelerated computing to help the oil and gas industry distill ...

January 25, 2018
NVIDIA DRIVE Pegasus Wins Coveted Paul Pietsch Award
Like its namesake — the late racing driver and editorial powerhouse — the Paul Pietsch Award is revered around the world. This week NVIDIA received the 2018 honors for NVIDIA DRIVE Pegasus, the first artificial intelligence computer designed to ...

January 25, 2018
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for Fourth-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of Call
NVIDIA will host a conference call on Thursday, Feb. 8, at 2 p.m. PT (5 p.m. ET) to discuss its financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year...


January 25, 2018
Dreaming of Driverless: What’s the Difference Between Level 2 and Level 5 Autonomy?
Cars with some autonomous capabilities are already here: here’s now to understand what’s coming next. Self-driving cars are no longer science fiction. Today, you can already buy a car that steers itself through rush-hour traffic on the freeway and ...

January 25, 2018
How Deep Learning Could Catch Breast Cancers that Mammograms Miss
Mammograms save lives by detecting breast cancer early, except when they don’t. Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women, and the second leading cause of cancer death. But mammograms, the standard screening for the disease, miss one in ...

January 24, 2018
Kickstart Your AI Startup with an Inception Award
Have a game-changing AI product? Here’s your opportunity to win cash — and industry-wide recognition — to accelerate your work. At the GPU Technology Conference in late March, NVIDIA will be handing out Inception award cash prizes to the world’s ...

January 24, 2018
Found in Translation: Inferencing Breakthroughs Power iFLYTEK Voice Applications
People have dreamed of a pocket-size instant translation device at least since the days when the original Star Trek series was on the air. They’ve pined for a way to decipher the handwriting of doctors for even longer. Thanks to advances in deep ...

January 24, 2018
Harvard Researcher Uses AI to Tackle Common Cause of Childhood Blindness
Doctors can prevent one of the most common causes of blindness in young children — but only when they can detect it. The disease, called retinopathy of prematurity, or ROP, affects the youngest, smallest and most vulnerable infants. These are ...

January 22, 2018
Getting to the Heart of Arrhythmia with GPU-Powered AI
Artificial intelligence is quickly evolving into a lifesaver. Two separate efforts in the commercial and academic arenas have inched us closer to taking a bite out of heart disease — the world’s no. 1 killer. A Stanford University team led by Andrew ...

January 20, 2018
TNC Pro Team Joins GeForce Esports Roster
In esports, the playing field is a computer screen, and GeForce provides esports players with their home field advantage. The latest team to grab that edge is TNC Pro Team, a leading Filipino Defense of the Ancients 2 (Dota 2) squad, which today ...

February 08, 2018
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2018
NVIDIA today reported record revenue for the fourth quarter ended January 28, 2018, of $2.91 billion, up 34 percent from $2.17 billion a year earlier, and up 10 percent from $2.64 billion in the previous quarter.

February 06, 2018
Stellar Discovery: How AI Could Open New Windows into the Cosmos
Our understanding of the universe is poised to progress at warp speed, thanks to new research by scientists at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign. The NCSA scientists are pioneering ...

February 05, 2018
Continental and NVIDIA Partner to Enable Worldwide Production of AI Self-Driving Cars
2021 Market Introduction Planned for Continental Autonomous Vehicle Systems, Built on NVIDIA DRIVE AI Car Computer and Continental Sensors
NVIDIA and Continental, one of the world’s largest automotive technology companies, today announced they are partnering to create top-to-bottom AI self-driving vehicle systems built on the NVIDIA DRIVE™ platform, with a planned market introduction ...

February 05, 2018
TYLOO CS:GO Pro Team Joins GeForce Esports Roster
Pack the ammo and sharpen your daggers. The virtual battlefields of competitive Counter-Strike: Global Offensive just got a little more dangerous. China’s TYLOO professional CS:GO team has added GeForce to its arsenal. Besides gaming skills, PC and ...

February 03, 2018
From Nearby to Nairobi, NVIDIA Foundation Funds Wide Range of Cancer Care Nonprofits
In the effort to help advance the fight against cancer, the NVIDIA Foundation has donated more than $4 million in recent years to support research, and patients and their families through programs large and small, local and far afield. For World ...

February 02, 2018
Smart Styling, Smarter Cockpit: Debut of Mercedes-Benz A-Class with NVIDIA-Powered AI and 3D Graphics
Amsterdam has it all this week. More canals than Venice. More bikes than people. And a new Mercedes-Benz with more brains than any other automobile, thanks to its NVIDIA-powered AI cockpit. Overlooking the city’s iconic waterfront, the ultra-hip ...

February 02, 2018
Looking to Break Into AI? This Course Will Show You How
NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute collaborates with Deeplearning.ai and Coursera on their new Deep Learning Specialization. Convolutional neural networks. Recurrent neural networks. Long short term memory networks. There’s a lot to learn to get up to ...

January 31, 2018
Snark Bite: Like an AI Could Ever Spot Sarcasm
I never forget a face, but in your case I’ll be glad to make an exception. — Groucho Marx Comedians dine on sarcasm — the ironic, mocking remarks that say one thing on the surface but cut much deeper. Could a computer learn to detect this nuanced ...

January 30, 2018
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community:

January 30, 2018
Movie Maven: How AI Is Helping Divine Viewer Behavior from Video Data
Type “teenage angst” into whatismymovie.com, and the search engine will recommend titles such as Heathers, Rebel Without a Cause and The Basketball Diaries. Change the search to “elephants” and the results will include titles ranging from Dumbo and ...

February 22, 2018
Beating the Bloodsuckers: How AI Takes a Swat at Mosquitoes and Malaria
When it comes to advancing science, Marianne Sinka has some skin in the game. Some itchy skin. The Oxford University entomologist has regularly sacrificed her flesh (and blood) as mosquito bait to further her research. Now she’s using AI to track ...

February 20, 2018
Meet Me in Mordor: NVIDIA Conference Rooms Named for Sci-Fi’s Geekiest Places
Semiconductor designers. Software architects. Stormtroopers. No matter your tribe, there’s one language everyone at NVIDIA speaks: geek. Which is why the names of the 94 conference rooms at NVIDIA’s newest building, Endeavor, were already familiar ...

February 19, 2018
The Doctor Is In: AI-Powered App Helps Physicians Spend More Time with Patients
Physicians spend less time than ever with patients — just 27 percent of the workday, according to a study published in the Annals of Internal Medicine in 2016. The main culprit: electronic health records. Doctors find themselves increasingly glued ...

February 15, 2018
Out of the Bone Age: AI Modernizes 60-Year-Old Test for Assessing Kids’ Growth
Doctors Alexander Bilbily and Mark Cicero spent years training to be radiologists. But the two believe their biggest impact will be outside their medical offices. Bilbily and Cicero are founders of 16 Bit, a Toronto-based startup that intends to ...

February 14, 2018
Embrace AI, NVIDIA’s Ian Buck Tells US Congressional Committee
Artificial intelligence represents the biggest technological and economic shift in our lifetime, NVIDIA’s Ian Buck told a U.S. Congressional committee Wednesday. In testimony before a hearing of the House of Representatives Subcommittee on ...

February 14, 2018
Try Before You Dye: AI Helps Customers Find Their Ideal Hair Color
The days of hair coloring being characterized by failed henna experiments and leaps of faith at salons will soon be a thing of the past, thanks to AI. Episode 4 of our “I Am AI” docuseries introduces ModiFace, a Toronto-based company that’s ...

February 13, 2018
How AI Brings a Critical Eye to Video, and Keeps Companies Out of Hot Water
Streaming video traffic is growing exponentially, and it shows no signs of slowing down. Internet traffic from streaming video in 2021 will quadruple today’s traffic, according to estimates by Cisco Visual Networking Index. That’s great for people ...

February 13, 2018
NVIDIA Powers 10 Years of Oscar-Worthy Work
For the 10th consecutive year, every movie up for Best Visual Effects at the Academy Awards was created using NVIDIA Quadro GPUs. The 90th annual Academy Awards — better known as the Oscars — takes place on Sunday, March 4. From blockbuster visual ...

February 13, 2018
Down So Long: AI Offers Hope for More Effective Depression Treatments
Thinking about depression treatment is likely to depress you. The disease, which is the world’s leading cause of disability, affects an estimated 300 million people globally. Although there are plenty of possible treatments, doctors have no reliable ...

February 09, 2018
Startup Uses AI to Spot Lung Cancer Early
Lung cancer has long been one of the most difficult forms of the disease to diagnose. Episode 3 of our “I Am AI” docuseries introduces 12 Sigma Technologies, a San Diego-based startup that’s applying GPU-infused AI and deep learning to change that. ...

March 08, 2018
AI Podcast: GoDaddy Takes AI to New Domains
A good domain name is about more than just clever wordplay and search engine optimization. It’s also about the value that it has and could have in the future. GoDaddy, the Internet domain registrar and web hosting company, is using AI to help its ...

March 08, 2018
Geneva Motor Show Highlights AI, Electric Cars
Flashy, fun, beautiful. The Geneva Motor Show has long been the showcase for outrageous luxury and exotic cars that make headlines around the world. As it kicks off its 88th edition this week, opening its doors to tens of thousands of attendees, the ...

March 07, 2018
Rimac Introduces AI Hypercar Powered by NVIDIA DRIVE
With the introduction of the C_Two, Rimac Automobili’s all-electric hypercar plans to incorporate AI functionality throughout, using our NVIDIA DRIVE AI car computer. Unveiled yesterday at the Geneva Motor Show, the C_Two will offer unprecedented ...

March 07, 2018
Then There Were Six: AI Startups Get Winnowed Down Ahead of NVIDIA’s Inception Finals at GTC
Take smart people, add the most disruptive new technology of our time, and inject money. The result: a potentially world-changing business tomorrow, and a peek into the future today. Welcome to NVIDIA’s AI startup challenge. In a cascade of quick, ...

March 05, 2018
AI Researchers Aim to Crack Code on ‘Sun Energy’
Princeton University researchers are aiming to crack the code on sun-like energy. The researchers have enlisted AI to help establish the feasibility of delivering fusion energy in the foreseeable future. The post AI Researchers Aim to Crack Code on ...

March 02, 2018
Machines Stomp Lawyers in Legalese Smackdown
Cue the sad tuba and attorney jokes: Machines just landed the hurt on lawyers. LawGeex, an Israel-based startup focused on automating contract reviews, released a study showing its AI software pummels lawyers in document review accuracy. The AI ...

March 01, 2018
NVIDIA to Host World’s Top AI Experts at GPU Technology Conference
More Than 8,000 Developers, Industry Experts to Discuss Future of Self-Driving Cars, HPC, Robotics, Healthcare, Cloud Computing and More, March 26-29 in Silicon Valley
NVIDIA will host thousands of the world’s leading AI experts at its ninth annual GPU Technology Conference (GTC) on March 26-29 at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center.

February 26, 2018
Paging Dr. Algorithm: AI Comes to Rescue
Attention, ER patients: Dr. Algorithm will see you right away. Artificial intelligence holds vast potential for faster patient care in hospitals. Thanks to machine learning and deep learning applications for medical image recognition and analysis, ...

February 26, 2018
12 AI Startups to Check Out at NVIDIA’s Inception Awards Pitch Day
Twelve AI startups. Fat cash prizes. And a chance to take the stage at our GPU Technology Conference, set for March 26-29 in Silicon Valley. It’s our second annual Inception Awards pitch day, when emerging startups in our Inception AI accelerator ...


February 22, 2018
AI Offering Fertile Ground for Biodiversity Informatics
For centuries, scientists have assembled and maintained extensive information on plants and stored it in what are known as herbaria — vast numbers of cabinets and drawers – at natural history museums and research institutions across the globe. ...

March 19, 2018
Hit Us with Your Best Shot: Showcase In-Game Photos, Win Prizes
Highlighting the best of an exciting new medium, we’re launching a digital art gallery — Shot with GeForce — for gamers to upload and share their favorite in-game photography. The interactive gallery, launched Monday at the Game Developers ...

March 15, 2018
Otter App Aims to Use Power of AI to Set Gold Standard for Note Taking
Alexa, play @%!^&!! Voice assistants have a long way to go still, but that’s not slowing an AI-based speech recognition startup’s ambitions to be the de facto meeting notes assistant, capturing voice-to-text interactions. Silicon Valley-based ...

March 15, 2018
Brainiac vs. Brain Cancer: Teen Tackles Deadly Disease
Teenager Kavya Kopparapu has accomplished more than most of us ordinary mortals. Before entering her senior year of high school, she’d invented an AI-powered tool to prevent blindness in diabetics. She’d co-created a mobile app to let EMTs securely ...

March 14, 2018
See the Automotive Future This Month at GTC 2018
Semiconductors and sedans. Integrated circuits and racing circuits. The GPU Technology Conference is once again roaring into Silicon Valley, and has quickly become one of the world’s top automotive technology events. From March 26-29, it’ll be the ...

March 13, 2018
Call of the Wild(book): How GPUs Help Track Threatened Animal Species
It’s not true that if you’ve seen one zebra you’ve seen them all. But unless researchers can get a handle on their real numbers, it one day may be. To do that, you have to be able to identify individual zebras and — as Tanya Berger-Wolf discovered ...

March 13, 2018
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Event for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following event for the financial community:

March 13, 2018
Testing, Testing: How VR Can Spin the Odometer Forward for Simulated Self-Driving Cars
If time equals money, then the development of self-driving cars through road testing is in trouble. Researchers at RAND estimate that getting a self-driving car to reach the same level of accuracy as a human driver would require driving 11 billion ...

March 12, 2018
Global Impact Award Finalist Aims to Spare Lives Ahead of Tsunamis Using GPUs
Massive earthquakes, building-size ocean waves, understated warnings. These are some of the conditions that have led to incredible devastation caused by tsunamis. Working to change that, a team of researchers from the University of Málaga’s ...

March 09, 2018
Get to the Valley, the Robots are Coming!
The robots are coming to GTC, but it’s their masters you’ll really want to connect with at our ninth annual GPU Technology Conference. From agriculture to healthcare, a wave of robots, unmanned aerial vehicles and drones are changing industries. Get ...

March 09, 2018
Get Well Sooner: Data Science Bowl Aims to Speed Drug Discovery
When it comes to developing drugs to fight disease, a billion dollars doesn’t buy what it used to. Not so long ago, a fortune that size might have covered the cost of creating 30 new medicines. Today, it won’t even buy you one. This year’s Data ...

March 23, 2018
Why Deep Learning May Prove to Be the Bee’s Knees
In Bee Movie, an animated feature from 2007, a friendship between a bee (voiced by Jerry Seinfeld) and a young woman (Renee Zellweger) leads to the world’s bee population reclaiming the honey it produces. A decade later, a young woman who is real ...

March 22, 2018
No Barrier to this Reef: Dazzling Film Brings Coral to Life in GPU-powered Museum Show
The slithery spotted eel isn’t really swimming over you, and you’re not surrounded by a school of light blue fish. But it sure feels that way as you plunge into Expedition Reef, the new planetarium show at the California Academy of Sciences. The San ...

March 22, 2018
Sink or Swim: How AI Can Help First Responders Improve Decision Making
The brave men and women around the world who work in emergency services go to extreme lengths to rescue people caught up in dangerous situations. They rely on good information and clear communication to assess situations, work as a team and ...

March 21, 2018
Epic Games ‘Reflections’ GDC Demo Offers Peek at Gaming’s Cinematic Future
None of us have been to a galaxy far, far away. But all of us can relate to the discomfort experienced when you say say something awkward on the job — even if none of us work for someone who can send us to the icy planet Hoth. Epic Games on ...

March 21, 2018
Closing the Deal: AI Business Assistant Aids Sales Teams by Automating Busywork
Sales teams are vital to most enterprise businesses, but expensive. Many companies spend tens of millions of dollars, or up to half of their budget, on sales. Salesforce, to cite one example, poured more than half of its revenue — nearly $4 billion ...

March 20, 2018
Big Blue Touts Partnership with NVIDIA at IBM Think Confab
Emphasizing the key role GPUs will play as businesses race to turn raw data into intelligence, IBM invited NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang to appear on stage Tuesday at its massive Think Conference, in Las Vegas. Using GPUs, IBM is able to use fewer servers ...

March 19, 2018
University of Washington Researchers Give MRIs an AI Facelift
Editor’s note: This is one of four profiles of finalists for NVIDIA’s 2018 Global Impact Award, which provides $200,000 to researchers using NVIDIA technology for groundbreaking work that addresses social, humanitarian and environmental problems. ...

March 19, 2018
What’s the Difference Between Ray Tracing and Rasterization?
You’ve seen this movie before. Literally. There may not be many people outside of computer graphics who know what ray tracing is, but there aren’t many people on the planet who haven’t seen it. Just go to your nearest multiplex, plunk down a twenty ...

March 19, 2018
NVIDIA RTX Technology Realizes Dream of Real-Time Cinematic Rendering
Decade of Development in Algorithms and GPUs Leads to Giant Leap in Computer Graphics
Game Developers Conference - NVIDIA today announced NVIDIA RTX™, a ray-tracing technology that brings real-time, cinematic-quality rendering to content creators and game developers.

March 19, 2018
Half a Billion Videos Can’t Be Wrong: NVIDIA Highlights Comes to Five New Games
“Screenshots or it didn’t happen.” If you’re a gamer, you’ve heard this challenge before. With NVIDIA Highlights (aka ShadowPlay Highlights), we’re working to ensure you’ll never have to worry about answering this challenge again. We’re taking ...

March 27, 2018
NVIDIA Brings Live GPU Migration, Ultra-High-End Workstation Performance to Virtualization
They say good things come in threes. That makes it a banner day for the advancement of virtual desktop infrastructure, as NVIDIA has announced: Availability of new virtualization software capabilities with the NVIDIA virtual GPU March 2018 Release, ...

March 27, 2018
NVIDIA Transforms the Workstation for the Age of Deep Learning
As demand for deep learning continues to gain momentum, it’s already changing the way people work. Driving the next wave of advancement in deep learning-infused workflows is the NVIDIA Volta GPU architecture. In his keynote address at the GPU ...

March 27, 2018
NVIDIA Reinvents the Workstation with Real-Time Ray Tracing
NVIDIA RTX Technology Delivers Biggest Advance in Computer Graphics in 15 Years
GPU Technology Conference — NVIDIA today announced the NVIDIA® Quadro® GV100 GPU with NVIDIA RTX™ technology, delivering for the first time real-time ray tracing to millions of artists and designers.

March 26, 2018
Med School Goes Virtual (Though Tests Stay Real)
The infant is struggling to breathe, and you’re a medical student trying to save her life. The emergency room is a frenzy of beeping monitors, bustling nurses and a panicky mother. And nothing you’ve tried is working. It feels real, but luckily it’s ...

March 26, 2018
Live: Jensen Huang Keynotes NVIDIA’s 2018 GPU Technology Conference
Less than 24 hours until NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang delivers the keynote at our ninth annual GPU Technology Conference in Silicon Valley, and the action’s already begun. The crowd more more than 8,000 surging into the McEnery Convention Center — which ...

March 26, 2018
HTC and NVIDIA Give Major Boost to High-End VR
For VR to be an immersive experience, your visual, auditory and tactile senses need to convince your brain that it’s in a believable environment. The new HTC VIVE Pro VR headset, powered by NVIDIA GPUs, makes a persuasive argument. The device, ...

March 26, 2018
Princeton, University of Málaga Win $200,000 in Global Impact Awards
NVIDIA has awarded $200,000 in Global Impact Award prizes to Princeton University and the University of Málaga for their pioneering research efforts to address social, humanitarian and environmental problems. Researchers at Princeton’s Astrophysical ...

March 26, 2018
Enter the World of ‘Ready Player One’ with NVIDIA Holodeck
You can’t see Steven Spielberg’s much anticipated action-adventure movie Ready Player One until it hits theaters worldwide this weekend. But you can journey to the film’s dystopian universe of OASIS this week at the GPU Technology Conference, in San ...

March 26, 2018
NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute Launches Certification Program
Learning to develop deep learning applications requires real-world skills you can only get through hands-on experience. That’s why we’re introducing a Developer Certification Program designed to verify a student’s ability to solve actual industry ...

March 26, 2018
NVIDIA Invests in Speech Recognition Startup Deepgram
As the AI ecosystem continues to expand, NVIDIA revealed today that speech analytics startup Deepgram is the newest member of the GPU Ventures portfolio. Founded in 2015, San Francisco-based Deepgram is the first end-to-end deep learning speech ...

March 28, 2018
To Infinity and Beyond: NVIDIA Research Lets VR Users Explore Vast Virtual Worlds
Virtual worlds are infinite, but your living room is not. Today, the size of physical space limits VR users’ ability to move in boundless virtual space. And VR isn’t particularly immersive if you trip over the couch. The NVIDIA Research team is ...

March 27, 2018
Winners of AI Startup Challenge Announced at GTC 2018
Greg Zaharchuki isn’t afraid to admit it now. Standing before 650 people and a panel of high-profile judges to pitch your startup, with just five minutes to tell your story is a little “unnerving,” the trim Stanford professor admits. But Zaharchuki ...

March 27, 2018
NVIDIA to Unleash Deep Learning in Hyperscale Datacenters
NVIDIA CEO unveils Volta-based GV 100 for workstations, new inferencing software, technologies providing a 10x boost for deep learning, self-driving car simulator, and more. The post NVIDIA to Unleash Deep Learning in Hyperscale Datacenters appeared ...

March 27, 2018
NVIDIA and Arm Partner to Bring Deep Learning to Billions of IoT Devices
NVIDIA Deep Learning Accelerator IP to be Integrated into Arm Project Trillium Platform, Easing Building of Deep Learning IoT Chips
GPU Technology Conference — NVIDIA and Arm today announced that they are partnering to bring deep learning inferencing to the billions of mobile, consumer electronics and Internet of Things devices that will enter the global marketplace.

March 27, 2018
Connection Inflection: Verizon Building Safer, Smarter Cities Using NVIDIA Metropolis
To help make cities safer, smarter and greener, they need to be connected. And few companies know more about connecting than Verizon. It’s joined nearly 100 other companies already using NVIDIA Metropolis, our edge-to-cloud video platform for ...

March 27, 2018
Robotics Reimagined: NVIDIA Releases Isaac SDK to Accelerate Creating Autonomous Machines
The robotics revolution just shifted into high gear. In a move that will accelerate the development and deployment of robotics across a broad range of industries, NVIDIA announced the expansion of its Isaac platform to build robotics applications. ...

March 27, 2018
NVIDIA Introduces DRIVE Constellation Simulation System to Safely Drive Autonomous Vehicles Billions of Miles in Virtual Reality
New Datacenter Solution Integrates NVIDIA DRIVE Pegasus, Runs DRIVE Sim Software for Extensive Testing and Validation of Self-Driving Cars
GPU Technology Conference — NVIDIA today introduced a cloud-based system for testing autonomous vehicles using photorealistic simulation – creating a safer, more scalable method for bringing self-driving cars to the roads.

March 27, 2018
Groundbreaking Deep Learning Research Takes the Stage at GTC
NVIDIA researchers aren’t magicians, but you might think so after seeing the work featured in today’s keynote address from NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang at the GPU Technology Conference, in San Jose. Huang spotlighted two deep learning ...

March 27, 2018
NVIDIA Expands Its Deep Learning Inference Capabilities for Hyperscale Datacenters
Company Unveils NVIDIA TensorRT 4, TensorFlow Integration, Kaldi Speech Acceleration and Expanded ONNX Support; GPU Inference Now up to 190x Faster Than CPUs
GPU Technology Conference — NVIDIA today announced a series of new technologies and partnerships that expand its potential inference market to 30 million hyperscale servers worldwide, while dramatically lowering the cost of delivering deep ...

March 27, 2018
NVIDIA Boosts World’s Leading Deep Learning Computing Platform, Bringing 10x Performance Gain in Six Months
Gain Driven by New Tesla V100 32GB GPU with 2x the Memory, Revolutionary NVSwitch Fabric, Comprehensive Software Stack; DGX-2 Is First 2 Petaflop Deep Learning System
GPU Technology Conference — NVIDIA today unveiled a series of important advances to its world-leading deep learning computing platform, which delivers a 10x performance boost on deep learning workloads compared with the previous generation six ...

March 29, 2018
VR Wormholes GTC 2018 Attendee into the World of ‘Ready Player One’  
While I was at the GPU Technology Conference all week attending sessions and writing blogs, my son was at an opening night screening of “Ready Player One,” the new Steven Spielberg virtual reality thriller. But I did him one better: I got to be in ...

March 29, 2018
Can’t Get a Cab? NTT DOCOMO Helps Taxis Get You
Can’t get a taxi? We can relate. But that’s only half the reason ride-sharing services such as Lyft and Uber are such a success. It turns out if you’re a taxi driver you have an even bigger problem: it’s hard to predict where, and when to find ...

March 29, 2018
Star Power: Why the World’s Largest Telescope Relies on GPUs
The universe’s oldest, most distant galaxies may hold clues about the future of our own. But even with the world’s largest telescope, scientists won’t be able to see those galaxies clearly without our GPUs. The European-Extremely Large Telescope, or ...

March 28, 2018
Project Clara: NVIDIA Supercomputing Platform Redefines Medical Imaging
There are about 3 million medical imaging instruments installed around the world. With only a couple hundred thousand new ones sold each year, it would take decades to update this install base. NVIDIA’s Project Clara, a medical imaging ...

March 28, 2018
Here, There, Everywhere: Transforming Logistics with Self-Learning AI
One of the longest-running challenges in the logistics industry is finding the shortest routes. First articulated in the 1930s, the “traveling salesman problem” seeks to deduce the shortest route connecting a group of cities to ensure optimal use of ...

March 28, 2018
Adobe, NVIDIA CEOs Discuss Partnership, Touch on Wild New Possibilities
New technologies will allow you to use VR to travel to stunning new worlds. Or, through augmented reality, to blend those worlds with your own. At the Adobe Summit in Las Vegas before an audience of more than 10,000 marketing pros and data ...

March 28, 2018
Walt Disney Imagineering, NVIDIA Develop New Tech to Enable Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge Millennium Falcon Attraction for Disney Parks
When Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge opens next year at Disneyland Resort and the Walt Disney World Resort, park guests will visit the planet of Batuu, a remote outpost that was once a busy crossroads along the old sub-lightspeed trade routes. But you ...

March 28, 2018
Hail Yes: How Deep Learning Could Improve Forecasts for Damaging Storms
Imagine tens of thousands of golf balls falling from the sky at more than 100 mph, and you’ll get an idea of the damage hail can wreak. In just a few minutes, it can batter and ruin crops, dent cars and smash windshields, and even bash holes in ...

March 28, 2018
Snack Attack! Robby the Self-Driving Robot Delivers Food to GTC Attendees
If you’re at GTC this week and your stomach is rumbling between meals, you’re in luck. Robby, a self-driving robot from Robby Technologies, will be packed with snacks and roaming outside the halls of the San Jose Convention Center, making special ...

March 28, 2018
Adobe and NVIDIA Announce Partnership to Deliver New AI Services for Creativity and Digital Experiences
Collaboration will optimize Adobe Sensei for NVIDIA GPUs
At Adobe Summit, Adobe and NVIDIA today announced a strategic partnership to rapidly enhance their industry-leading artificial intelligence (AI) and deep learning technologies.

April 16, 2018
AI-Enabled Auditors: Finding Fraud Using Deep Autoencoder Networks
Accounting fraud has long eaten into the revenue of some businesses, but auditors are enlisting a new defensive tool: artificial intelligence. A typical organization can lose 5 percent of its annual revenue to fraud, according to an estimate from ...

April 15, 2018
It’s Training Cats and Dogs: NVIDIA Research Uses AI to Turn Cats into Dogs, Lions and Tigers, Too
It turns out a leopard can change its spots. Thanks to NVIDIA researchers’ new GPU-accelerated deep learning technique, a leopard — or at least a picture of it — can simultaneously turn into a house cat, a tiger or even a dog. It works for video, ...

April 13, 2018
SETI: AI Helping Humanity Overcome Its Limitations
Few organizations are as bullish on AI as the SETI Institute. Best known for its ongoing search for extraterrestrial intelligence, the institute is engaged in broad range of complicated science. And for all of humanity’s natural intelligence, it’s ...

April 11, 2018
Gift of Garb: How AI Helps Fashion Followers Choose the Best Dress
Wardrobes could sharpen up for online shoppers everywhere, while retailers cut costs, thanks to AI that puts clothes on fashion models in a virtual photo shoot. A fully staffed, photo fashion shoot can run up to $500 per outfit. Given the thousands ...

April 11, 2018
Insights from a High Schooler at NVIDIA’s GTC
AI4ALL Editor’s note: Meet Jocelin Su, a 2016 Stanford AI4ALL (formerly SAILORS) alumna. Below, Jocelin shares her learnings from NVIDIA’s GPU Technology Conference (GTC). Eight AI4ALL alumni attended the conference in March 2018, eager to ...

April 11, 2018
NVIDIA, Canon Medical Systems Partner to Accelerate Deep Learning in Healthcare
Healthcare represents one of the biggest opportunities in deep learning, and we’re partnering with Canon Medical Systems, Japan’s largest medical systems supplier, to develop the research infrastructure to help support it. The healthcare sector ...

April 06, 2018
More Power, Less Tower: AI May Make Aircraft Control Towers Obsolete
Airport control towers are an emblem of the aviation industry. A Canadian company wants to use its technology to make them a relic of the past. Airport buffs may mourn the change. But Ontario-based Searidge Technologies believes its reasoning is, ...

April 04, 2018
From AI to Zzzz: MIT, Mass General Aim Deep Learning at Study of Sleep Stages
Sleeplessness is a national epidemic. It’s hard to solve and complicated by how difficult it is to study. One in three U.S. adults generally don’t sleep enough, according to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention, which defines healthy sleep ...

April 04, 2018
NVIDIA Awards $50,000 Fellowships to Ph.D. Students for GPU Computing Research
Our NVIDIA Graduate Fellowship Program this week awarded up to $50,000 each to 11 Ph.D. students involved in GPU computing research. The fellowship program supports graduate students doing GPU-based work. We selected our fellows from more than 120 ...

April 03, 2018
Robot See, Robot Do: Bots Learn by Watching Human Behavior
Robots following coded instructions to complete a task? Old school. Robots learning to do things by watching how humans do it? That’s the future. Stanford’s Animesh Garg and Marynel Vázquez shared their research in a talk on “Generalizable Autonomy ...

April 30, 2018
NVAIL Partners Showcase Trailblazing Deep Learning Research at ICLR
The International Conference on Learning Representations isn’t a name that rolls off the tongue. But for researchers looking to stay on the cutting edge of deep learning, it’s the place to be. Better known as ICLR, this year’s conference will bring ...

April 26, 2018
Let There Be Sight: How Deep Learning Is Helping the Blind ‘See’
Guide dogs are great for helping people who are blind or visually impaired navigate the world. But try getting a dog to read aloud a sign or tell you how much money is in your wallet. Seeing AI, an app developed by Microsoft AI & Research, has the ...

April 25, 2018
NVIDIA Research Pushes Deep Learning Forward at ICLR
NVIDIA researchers grabbed headlines last fall for generating photos of believable yet imaginary celebrity faces with deep learning. They’ll discuss how they did it on stage next week at the International Conference on Learning Representations, ...

April 23, 2018
Doctors Are Superheroes Today, Superhumans Tomorrow
AI is the most important technology of our time, while early detection is the most important medical challenge of our time. Incredible breakthroughs in AI are making it possible for doctors to see disease earlier and better understand it. That’s why ...

April 23, 2018
NVIDIA, SoftBank Incubator DEEPCORE Team Up to Fuel AI Startups in Japan
NVIDIA and DEEPCORE, a Tokyo-based startup incubator owned by SoftBank, are working together to support AI startups and promote university research programs across Japan. Launched earlier this year with a mission to cultivate entrepreneurs who ...

April 20, 2018
iNaturalist: An AI-Powered App to Crow About on Earth Day
This April 22 put a little AI in your Earth Day. Whether you’re cleaning up a beach, planting a tree or starting a garden, iNaturalist makes it easy to get in touch with nature. iNaturalist is a crowd-sourced species identification app powered by ...

April 19, 2018
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for First-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of Call
NVIDIA will host a conference call on Thursday, May 10, at 2 p.m. PT (5 p.m. ET) to discuss its financial results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, ending April 29, 2018.

April 19, 2018
Risky Business: Tapping AI to Assess and Limit Risk in M&A
Assessing risk is a concern in most industries, although perhaps never more so than following a merger or acquisition. It turns out AI may be just the tool to help. GPU Technology Conference attendees last month got a high-level education in how AI ...

April 18, 2018
Crowning Achievement: Using Adversarial Networks to Create Customized Dental Caps
It wasn’t long ago that dental crowns were produced on assembly lines, with rows of workers engaged in the physical effort of building and shaping them. To make that process faster, more precise and, ultimately, less expensive, dental product maker ...

April 17, 2018
Night of the Living Bacteria: How GPUs Aid Fight Against Zombie-Like Bugs
When health officials use words like “nightmare” and “apocalypse” to describe a problem, it’s probably time to pay attention. We’re in a war with antibiotic-resistant bacteria, and we’re losing. Antibiotics that saved millions of lives in the last ...

May 10, 2018
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for First Quarter Fiscal 2019
NVIDIA today reported record revenue for the first quarter ended April 29, 2018, of $3.21 billion, up 66 percent from $1.94 billion a year earlier, and up 10 percent from $2.91 billion in the previous quarter.

May 10, 2018
Investing in Artificial Intelligence: A Path for US Leadership
I am fortunate today to be in Washington with leaders from three dozen companies, including many of our close partners, to discuss with administration officials how the U.S. can continue to lead the world in research, development, and the adoption ...

May 09, 2018
Take Two Algorithms and Call Me in the Morning
Three, it turns out, is better than one. At least that’s how it worked for a trio of former rivals who teamed up to claim the just-announced top prize in this year’s Data Science Bowl. The fourth annual event focused on one of healthcare’s most ...

May 08, 2018
Teamwork Makes Machines Work: Young Roboticists Power Up Their Peers at FIRST Robotics Championships
She’s only 17 years old, but Grace Lam already knows better than most one of the keys to success. It’s not just about having the best invention or beating opponents, it’s also having the heart of a collaborator. Grace was rewarded for hers at last ...

May 08, 2018
Radically Simple: AI Startup Makes 3D Motion Capture a Breeze for All
For animated characters to move us, they first have to move. But bringing virtual characters to life has never been a simple task. Motion capture technology records and digitally replicates human movement to create 3D animations. Think of Andy ...

May 07, 2018
Lots of People Are Listening to the AI Podcast Right Now — and I Kind of Don’t Care
I’ve got a confession. You’re not the real audience for our AI Podcast. None of you are. The real audience won’t arrive for 20 or 30 years. They’ll be people who will want to listen to the conversations we’ve been recording over the past 18 months ...

May 04, 2018
Pulling the Plug on GPP, Leaning into GeForce
A lot has been said recently about our GeForce Partner Program. The rumors, conjecture and mistruths go far beyond its intent. Rather than battling misinformation, we have decided to cancel the program. GPP had a simple goal – ensuring that gamers ...

May 03, 2018
15 Years in 28 Minutes: GPUs Speed Up Simulation of Oil Reservoirs
Sizing up an oil reservoir just got a lot faster. Eni, a multinational oil and gas company, holds bragging rights to HPC4, the world’s most powerful commercial supercomputer. Running 3,200 NVIDIA Tesla GPUs, Eni’s parallel processing beast has ...

May 02, 2018
NVIDIA Stockholder Meeting Set for May 16; Individuals Can Participate Online
NVIDIA today announced it will hold its 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders online on Wednesday, May 16, at 10:30 a.m. PT. The meeting will take place...

May 01, 2018
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community:

May 27, 2018
To Boldly Go: World’s Biggest Planetarium Achieves Jaw-Dropping 10K Resolution
We can’t all be starship captains. But visitors to Planetarium No. 1 in St. Petersburg, Russia, can experience the universe with a level of clarity, detail and interactivity that Captain Kirk himself would envy. Housed in a 19th century natural gas ...

May 24, 2018
Path Math: How AI Can Find a Way Around Pathologist Shortage
Ever since a Dutch cloth merchant accidentally discovered bacteria in 1676, microscopes have been a critical tool for medicine. Today’s microscopes are 800,000 times more powerful than the human eye, but they still need a person to scrutinize what’s ...

May 23, 2018
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community:

May 23, 2018
DRIVE Xavier, World’s First Single-Chip Self-Driving Car Processor, Gets Approval from Top Safety Experts
Automotive safety isn’t a box you check. It’s not a feature. Safety is the whole point of autonomous vehicles. And it starts with a new class of computer, a new type of software and a new breed of chips. Safety is designed into the NVIDIA DRIVE ...

May 23, 2018
What’s the Difference Between VR, AR and MR?
Get up. Brush your teeth. Put on your pants. Go to the office. That’s reality. Now, imagine you can play Tony Stark in Iron Man or the Joker in Batman. That’s virtual reality. Advances in VR have enabled people to create, play, work, collaborate and ...

May 21, 2018
Hidden Figures: How AI Could Spot a Silent Cancer in Time to Save Lives
It’s no wonder Dr. Elliot Fishman sounds frustrated when he talks about pancreatic cancer. As a diagnostic radiologist at Johns Hopkins Hospital, one of the world’s largest centers for pancreatic cancer treatment, he has the grim task of examining ...

May 20, 2018
Getting Brainy in Brisbane: NVIDIA Talks Robots, Research at ICRA
We’re bringing NVIDIA researchers — the brains behind our bots — to the International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA) in Brisbane, Australia, from May 21-25. And they want to meet you. Held annually since 1984, ICRA has become a premier ...

May 16, 2018
How Deep Learning Is Bringing Elusive, Light-Bending Gravitational Lenses Into Focus
Gravitational lenses have long been one of astronomy’s white whales, perplexing those who have devoted themselves to finding and studying them. But by applying deep learning and computer vision to the abundant data generated by today’s powerful ...

May 14, 2018
This Is Your Disease on Drugs: How an AI Startup Could Defeat Now Unbeatable Bugs
An aging population. Antibiotic-resistant infections. Afflictions by the hundreds that still lack a cure. The need for new medications is higher than ever, but so is the cost and time to bring them to market. Developing a new drug can cost billions ...

May 11, 2018
AI Podcast: The 411 on NVIDIA Research
De-noising, semantic manipulation, and unsupervised text modeling. These are only some of the projects that our NVIDIA Research team have been tackling for the past several months. In the latest AI Podcast episode, Bryan Catanzaro, vice president of ...

June 05, 2018
How NVIDIA Built a Supercomputer for the Office
Supercomputing at the deskside is making inroads into the enterprise. Enterprise users often need the extreme performance of a data center, but without the noise of air conditioning equipment in overdrive and the mess of cabling and other equipment. ...

June 05, 2018
GPUs Help Dengue Fever Researchers Slow Time
Nicknamed “breakbone fever,” illnesses caused by the dengue virus are not only as painful as they sound, but also occur in hundreds of millions of people per year, killing about 20,000 annually. By using NVIDIA Tesla GPUs, however, a research team ...

June 04, 2018
NVIDIA’s Ultimate Gaming Platform Comes to Ultimate Tech Trade Show
Whether you’re looking for motherboards or mice, cables or computer cases, you’ll find it — or get lost looking for it — amid the massive displays crowding the floor of Computex, one of the world’s largest trade shows, this week in Taipei. To help ...

June 03, 2018
NVIDIA Isaac Launches New Era of Autonomous Machines
Next-Gen Robotic Systems to Be Enabled by Jetson Xavier Computer and Isaac Robotics Software
Computex—NVIDIA today announced the availability of NVIDIA Isaac, a new platform to power the next generation of autonomous machines, bringing artificial intelligence capabilities to robots for manufacturing, logistics, agriculture, construction and ...

June 03, 2018
NVIDIA, Taiwan’s MOST Unveil Collaboration to Supercharge AI Efforts
Computex—NVIDIA and Taiwan’s Ministry of Science and Technology today announced an extensive collaboration that will advance Taiwan’s artificial intelligence capabilities.

June 01, 2018
Are You Still Watching? How Netflix Uses AI to Find Your Next Binge-Worthy Show
Hollywood is no stranger to AI. Consider its role in movies such as Ex Machina and Blade Runner. Or in the popular HBO series Westworld. But while AI may play a leading role in the entertainment industry’s depictions of the future on screen, it’s ...

May 31, 2018
Jetson TX2 Powers Top Two Teams in RoboMaster AI Challenge
Take the best and brightest engineers on the planet. Give them a challenge that’s equal parts engineering, strategy and teamwork. Bring them to a battlefield in front of hundreds of roboticists and researchers. And throw in a healthy bounty of ...

May 29, 2018
GPU Computing Transforming Trillion-Dollar Industries, NVIDIA CEO Says
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang announces HGX-2, allowing server manufacturers to build more powerful systems for the world’s largest industries. The post GPU Computing Transforming Trillion-Dollar Industries, NVIDIA CEO Says appeared first on The Official ...

May 29, 2018
Man Teleports into Miniature Vehicle in Stunning On-Stage Demo at GTC Taiwan
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang just used VR to shrink one of our colleagues and teleport him into a miniature car, which he then drove around a miniature city. The on-stage demonstration Wednesday was a rousing finale to Huang’s keynote at our GPU ...

May 29, 2018
NVIDIA Introduces HGX-2, Fusing HPC and AI Computing into Unified Architecture
HGX-2 Cloud-Server Platform Accelerates Multi-Precision Workloads; Its Two Petaflops of Processing Power Sets Record for AI Performance
GTC Taiwan—NVIDIA today introduced NVIDIA HGX-2, the first unified computing platform for both artificial intelligence and high performance computing.


June 15, 2018
Making Ultrasounds Ultra-Speedy with Deep Learning
Abdominal ultrasound tests for organ abnormalities haven’t changed much in the past decade, with a doctor moving a wand over the patient’s abdomen to gaze at blurry images. But the process could get accelerated by a thousand times with improved ...

June 13, 2018
NVIDIA Opening AI Research Lab in Toronto, Following Move in Seattle
Toronto is a thriving hub for AI experts, thanks in part to foundational work out of the University of Toronto and government-supported research organizations like the Vector Institute. We’re tapping further into this expertise by investing in a new ...

June 12, 2018
E3: Everything Gaming Is New Again
You have our permission to be excited. The gaming community’s annual pilgrimage to Los Angeles for the Electronic Entertainment Expo is upon us. And we have a ton of announcements, exclusive gameplay, exciting contests and more. NVIDIA Ansel and ...

June 11, 2018
Out of the Darkness: Shadow of the Tomb Raider Gets NVIDIA Ansel and Highlights
Gaming is core to who NVIDIA is and what we do. This includes helping developers optimize their games for the PC. One perk to helping developers is seeing games early, and I’ve already played a little bit of Shadow of the Tomb Raider. So I can say, ...

June 11, 2018
What Is a Virtual GPU?
Virtualization technology for applications and desktops has been around for a long time, but it hasn’t always lived up to the hype surrounding it. Its biggest failing: a poor user experience. And the reason why is simple. When virtualization first ...

June 11, 2018
How the PC is Raising the Game for Everyone, Everywhere
PC gaming’s latest moment is its biggest yet. Today new gaming experiences charge across the internet, and hundreds of millions of GeForce PCs, seemingly at the speed of light. Witness the ‘battle royale’ craze. Each week tens of millions of PC ...

June 08, 2018
Jensen Huang’s Speech at Unveiling of Energy Department’s Summit Supercomputer
Secretary Perry, Governor Haslam, Senator Alexander, Director Zacharia, Ginnie, John, and the IBM team, and all of the amazing researchers of Oak Ridge National Laboratory, it’s a great pleasure to be here today to inaugurate the Summit ...

June 08, 2018
Reaching the Summit: Accelerated Computing Powering World’s Fastest Supercomputer
Call it the most powerful scientific tool ever built. Call it a new paradigm of computing. Just don’t call it slow, because whatever number you look at, Summit — which made its debut Friday at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory — is flat-out fast. ...

June 07, 2018
NVIDIA Virtual GPU Brings Autodesk Around the World in Minutes
Mary Poppins might’ve been able to fit a coat rack, wall mirror and potted plant in her handbag. You’d have to be just as magical to try packing up a workstation and transporting it across the country. Until now, developers at Autodesk, whose ...

June 06, 2018
How AI and Deep Learning Will Enable Cancer Diagnosis Via Ultrasound
Viksit Kumar didn’t know his mother had ovarian cancer until it had reached its third stage, too late for chemotherapy to be effective. She died in a hospital in Mumbai, India, in 2006, but might have lived years longer if her cancer had been ...

June 26, 2018
That Was Fast: Summit Already Speeding Research into Addiction, Superconductors
Just weeks after its debut, Summit, the world’s fastest supercomputer, is already blasting through scientific applications crucial to breakthroughs in everything from superconductors to understanding addiction. Summit, based at the Oak Ridge ...

June 25, 2018
NVIDIA Unveils Nine New High-Performance Computing Containers
As part of our effort to speed the deployment of GPU accelerated high-performance computing and AI, we’ve more than tripled the number of containers available from our NVIDIA GPU Cloud (NGC) since launch last year. Users can now take advantage of 35 ...

June 25, 2018
NVIDIA Tensor Core GPUs Accelerate World’s Fastest Supercomputers
Five of World’s Seven Fastest Supercomputers Powered by NVIDIA; New Tensor Core GPUs Fuse HPC and AI to Speed Scientific Discovery
NVIDIA announced today that the world’s top AI supercomputers are all powered by NVIDIA® Tensor Core GPUs, based on a new list of the world’s 500 fastest systems.

June 21, 2018
AI Feast at CVPR: NVIDIA Brings New Tensor Core GPU AI Tools, Super SloMo, Cutting-Edge Research
As thousands of the world’s top artificial intelligence researchers gathered this week in Salt Lake City for the annual Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition conference, NVIDIA unveiled a series of tools and deep learning research to fuel the next ...

June 21, 2018
AI Storms Top Supercomputing Show – NVIDIA Brings Talks, Training, Demos, and More to ISC
This is what smart people do for fun. Detecting gravitational waves millions of light years away, in real time. Powering computationally fast quantum mechanical simulations at high accuracy and low cost. Proving the feasibility of fusion as a source ...

June 20, 2018
Shock and Awe in Utah: NVIDIA CEO Springs Special Titan V GPUs on Elite AI Researchers
Some come to Utah to ascend mountain peaks, others to ski down them. At the Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition conference in Salt Lake City Wednesday, NVIDIA’s Jensen Huang told top AI researchers he wanted to help them achieve a very different ...

June 20, 2018
Veo’s AI Camera Brings World Cup-Like Analysis to Weekend Warriors
While the best soccer players on the planet take to the pitch in this summer’s World Cup, amateur coaches can reach for the stars by adding AI to their playbooks. Veo, a Copenhagen-based startup, has created a camera for its users to place midway on ...

June 20, 2018
NVIDIA Chief Scientist Bill Dally on How GPUs Ignited AI, and Where His Team’s Headed Next
Bill Dally has been working on neural networks since before they were cool. Dally, chief scientist at NVIDIA, is an icon in the deep learning world. A prolific researcher with more than 150 patents, he previously chaired Stanford University’s ...

June 19, 2018
Brain Power: How AI Can Head Off Brain Damage
Two million cells a minute. That’s how quickly brain damage happen when the cells get no oxygen in a stroke or in some brain injuries. Both can have tragic consequences — paralysis, memory loss, speech difficulties and even death. But doctors can’t ...

June 19, 2018
SoundHound Digs Deeper Into Voice AI Market
SoundHound is learning some new AI tricks. The Silicon Valley startup, which creates AI-based voice services, has fetched $100 million in strategic investment capital as it expands its offerings. In addition to its eponymous music recognition app, ...

July 10, 2018
Let’s Go Driverless: Daimler, Bosch Select NVIDIA DRIVE for Robotaxi Fleets
Imagine summoning a driverless car from your smartphone: Fully autonomous vehicles based on DRIVE Pegasus AI supercomputer will usher in a new era of mobility-as-a-service. The post Let’s Go Driverless: Daimler, Bosch Select NVIDIA DRIVE for ...

July 06, 2018
How Deep Learning Is Dispelling the Clouds Hanging Over Climate Models
Global climate projections don’t always agree on how much the climate will warm in coming decades. Some project temperature rises of three or more degrees Celsius by the year 2100. Others predict a 1.5 degree shift. The primary reason for this ...

July 05, 2018
Momma Mia, Here AI Go Again -- NVIDIA to Talk AI Discovery at ICML
When you think of Sweden, what comes to mind? Perhaps a certain disco supergroup. Or flat-pack furniture. Well, think again. Next week, Sweden will be all about AI. From July 10 to 15, Stockholm plays host to the thirty-fifth International ...

July 03, 2018
AI Podcast: Startup Uses AI to Give Millennials the Credit They Deserve
They’re spending money on avocado toast and lattes. Yet they hate diamonds. But forget the memes. Between the absurd cost of college — and even more ludicrous housing costs in top job markets — the financial challenges young adults face are anything ...

July 02, 2018
How Virtual Drug Discovery Tools Could Even the Playing Field Between Big Pharma and Small Biotech
While AI can lift competition and productivity, it also can act as a great leveler, putting smaller players on the same footing as goliaths. Take pharmaceutical research, for example. Large companies have the budget and resources to physically test ...

June 29, 2018
The Fast and the Driverless: Munich Team Takes Home Roborace Victory
The sport of racing is a balance of strategy and improvisation, requiring intense focus to make split-second decisions. But when there’s no human pushing the pedal to the metal, how do you break away? Automotive enthusiasts will have a chance to see ...

June 29, 2018
AI-Driven 3D Cell Modeling: “Closest Thing I’ve Ever Seen in Science to Magic”
Researchers at the Allen Institute for Cell Science, a Seattle research group founded by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen, have created the first predictive 3D model of a live human cell. Using the model, scientists can digitally visualize and even ...

June 27, 2018
AI Is My Co-pilot: How DRIVE IX Helps Humans Stay Focused
You’re driving home from a long day at work. Traffic has been stop and go, and you feel as if you’ve been in the car for hours. Your eyelids get heavier, your mind starts to wander… This situation is a far too common occurrence. Driver distraction ...

June 26, 2018
Accelerated Computing Emerges as Booster Rocket Taking Us to Age of Exacale
Another supercomputing show, another performance record, courtesy this week of Oak Ridge National Laboratory’s Summit system, the first to smash through the 100-petaflop barrier. But behind that headline at Frankfurt’s International Supercomputing ...

June 26, 2018
Class Is in Session: AI App Schools on English Pronunciation
Isthmus. Nuclear. Anemone. Tricky English pronunciations are a challenge for many immigrants to the U.S. and native-born speakers alike. ELSA — which stands for English language speech assistant — aims to help with that. The three-year-old Silicon ...

July 23, 2018
How Subtle Medical Is Using AI to Slash Costs, Risks of Medical Scans
With $2,000, you could take a round trip to Argentina, Hong Kong or your local hospital’s MRI machine. In dramatic ways, Subtle Medical, a Silicon Valley startup, is using AI to reduce the costs of magnetic resonance imaging scans — in terms of ...

July 23, 2018
With a Few Twists and Turns, Rubik’s Cube May Unlock a Breakthrough in AI
An iconic puzzle from the 1980s — the Rubik’s Cube — is being used to bridge a very contemporary gap between deep learning and advanced mathematics. Pierre Baldi, the computer science professor overseeing the effort by a team of researchers at the ...

July 20, 2018
From Nanotech to AI: NVIDIA Intern Expands Horizons With Deep Learning Institute
Sumati Singh came to NVIDIA this summer as an intern to expand on her academic experience in nanotechnology. An introductory AI course at NVIDIA’s Deep Learning Institute got her thinking bigger than she could have imagined. That course, ...

July 19, 2018
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for Second-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of Call
NVIDIA will host a conference call on Thursday, August 16, at 2:30 p.m. PT (5:30 p.m. ET) to discuss its financial results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2019, ending July 29, 2018.

July 18, 2018
Robocar Climbs to New Heights at Goodwood Festival of Speed
The dynamics of racing — a human driver guiding a powerful machine to reach the finish line as fast as possible — haven’t changed much since the Goodwood Festival of Speed was founded a quarter century ago. Until now. The Roborace Robocar, a ...

July 18, 2018
Living the Meme: AI as Funny as Humans for Generating Image Captions
It’s possible to get grad-school credit for writing memes. At least if you use deep learning to do it. Just ask Lawrence Peirson. The 23-year-old is pursuing a theoretical astrophysics Ph.D. at Stanford, but decided to enroll in a couple AI courses ...

July 17, 2018
New Open Industry Standard Introduced for Connecting Next-Generation VR Headsets to PCs, Other Devices
VirtualLink Combines Simplicity of Single USB-C connector with Higher Bandwidth to Drive Rich VR Experiences
A new industry consortium led by NVIDIA, Oculus, Valve, AMD, and Microsoft today introduced the VirtualLink specification -- an open industry standard that enables next-generation VR headsets to connect with PCs and other devices using a single, ...

July 16, 2018
Augmented Reality Lets You Slip Inside Magritte’s Surreal Scenes at SFMOMA
Exhibit provides AR experience inspired by 20th-century surrealist Rene Magritte’s art. The post Augmented Reality Lets You Slip Inside Magritte’s Surreal Scenes at SFMOMA appeared first on The Official NVIDIA Blog.

July 12, 2018
Smorgasbord of AI Research Gets Set Out in Stockholm by NVAIL Partners
Three pioneering research teams supported by NVIDIA AI Labs are presenting key findings this week at the International Conference on Machine Learning, a major AI show taking place in Stockholm. Known as NVAIL, our program provides these research ...

July 11, 2018
Herd of AI Startups Is Milking the Internet of Cows
Companies worldwide are pioneering AI in a cattle industry revolution. The post Herd of AI Startups Is Milking the Internet of Cows appeared first on The Official NVIDIA Blog.

August 08, 2018
NVIDIA Holodeck Gets New VR Tools for Architecture, Engineering and Construction
To see the transformative power of virtual reality, step into NVIDIA Holodeck, which has newly added navigation tools expressly designed for architecture, engineering and construction professionals. These productivity-enhancing capabilities, which ...

August 06, 2018
Recruiting 9 to 5, What AI Way to Make a Living
There’s a revolving door for many jobs in the U.S., and it’s been rotating faster lately. For AI recruiting startup Eightfold, which promises lower churn and faster hiring, that spins up opportunity. Silicon Valley-based Eightfold, which recently ...

August 03, 2018
Why GeForce Is the Graphics Platform of The International 2018
The International, the world’s largest esports tournament, is upon us. Since last year’s iteration of this epic DOTA 2 event, Valve introduced the Pro Circuit, which came with significant changes. The best DOTA 2 squads fought through 11 majors and ...

August 02, 2018
SuperVize Me: What’s the Difference Between Supervised, Unsupervised, Semi-Supervised and Reinforcement Learning?
There are a few different ways to build IKEA furniture. Each will, ideally, lead to a completed couch or chair. But depending on the details, one approach will make more sense than the others. Got the instruction manual and all the right pieces? ...

August 01, 2018
A Ray-Tracing Pioneer Explains How He Stumbled into Global Illumination
As most of us learned in high school physics, ray tracing is an idea that has been around for centuries. Global illumination in computer graphics has a somewhat shorter history. The post A Ray-Tracing Pioneer Explains How He Stumbled into Global ...

August 01, 2018
NVIDIA and NetApp Team to Help Businesses Accelerate AI
For all the focus these days on AI, it’s largely just the world’s largest hyperscalers that have the chops to roll out predictable, scalable deep learning across their organizations. Their vast budgets and in-house expertise have been required to ...

July 31, 2018
Temple Run: CyArk Taps GPUs to Capture Visual Records of World Heritage Sites
When the Taliban blew up two 1,700-year-old statues of the Buddha in Bamiyan, Afghanistan, in 2001, preservationists around the world were shocked, perhaps none more so than Ben Kacyra. A software developer who’d just sold his industrial mapping ...

July 26, 2018
1,001 Interns: Students from Around the Globe Bolster NVIDIA
Face time with top execs, pro sports tickets, free NVIDIA SHIELD TVs. These are just some of the perks for our summer interns, who spend three months or more working with world-class engineers and burnishing their skills while tackling on some of ...

July 25, 2018
A Sixth Sense for Self-Driving Cars: Startup Builds Intuition into Driverless Vehicles
You can learn a lot about a person in just one glance. You can tell if they’re tired, distracted or in a rush. You know if they’re headed home from work or hitting the gym. And you don’t have to be Sherlock Holmes or Columbo to make these types of ...

July 24, 2018
Brain Gain: 'Virtual Neurons' Power Drug Discovery for Parkinson’s, Alzheimer’s
More than 50 million people are afflicted with Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s diseases worldwide — a figure that’s growing as the average age of the global population rises. Yet effective treatments for nervous system disorders remain elusive due to ...

August 13, 2018
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang Unveils Turing, Reinventing Computer Graphics
Ray-traced graphics offer incredible realism. Interactive graphics driven by GPUs offer speed and responsiveness. The two now come together In the greatest leap since the invention of the CUDA GPU in 2006, NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang announced Monday. ...

August 13, 2018
NVIDIA Unveils Quadro RTX, World’s First Ray-Tracing GPU
New Turing-Based Design Revolutionizes Workflow of Millions of Designers and Artists on the Desktop and in the Datacenter
NVIDIA today announced its first Turing architecture-based GPUs, revolutionizing the work of 50 million designers and artists by enabling them to render photorealistic scenes in real time, add new AI-based capabilities to their workflows, and enjoy ...

August 13, 2018
NVIDIA Reinvents Computer Graphics with Turing Architecture
Hybrid Rendering Fundamentally Changes Computer Graphics by Fusing Real-Time Ray Tracing, AI, Simulation and Rasterization
NVIDIA today reinvented computer graphics with the launch of the NVIDIA Turing GPU architecture. The greatest leap since the invention of the CUDA GPU in 2006, Turing features new RT Cores to accelerate ray tracing and new Tensor Cores for AI ...

August 13, 2018
World’s Top Graphics Software Companies Are Already Adopting NVIDIA RTX Capabilities. Here’s Why.
The leading software providers representing many of the most important applications for designing the products we use, the cars we drive, the movies we watch and even for scientists to visualize the world around us are jumping on Turing, NVIDIA’s ...

August 13, 2018
May the Source Be with You: NVIDIA Open Sources Material Definition Language SDK
Security, customizability, flexibility and cost are a few of the benefits of open-source software for developers. They’ll get all these and more from NVIDIA’s Material Definition Language software development kit, which is available starting today ...

August 10, 2018
Perception Matters: How Deep Learning Enables Autonomous Vehicles to Understand Their Environment
Humans are constantly taking in data from the world around them using five primary senses. You hear your phone ring, see a notification on your computer screen or touch something hot. However, without perception, there’s no way to decipher those ...

August 09, 2018
NVIDIA to Open GeForce Esports Boot Camps in Munich and Shanghai
The life of an esports player is the life of true athlete: Train hard and train with the best to be at your best. We’ve offered boot camps in our GeForce Esports studio in Silicon Valley since 20XX to do just that. This fall, we’re opening two new ...

August 09, 2018
NVIDIA’s Jensen Huang Takes Center Stage at SIGGRAPH 2018
For anyone whose life’s work involves computer graphics, there’s no event in the world like the annual SIGGRAPH conference. This year, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang will take the stage at the show in Vancouver, Canada, to share how AI, ...

August 09, 2018
Counting Craters: Come On, Come On, Look a Little Closer — at Solar System History
The moon has captured humans’ imaginations for thousands of years — but an astronomical number of questions remain about its history, and the history of our solar system. Some of the answers lie in the craters that pockmark the moon’s surface. And ...

August 08, 2018
Tumor Tracking: How a Neural Network Compares Brain MRIs in a Flash
Binge-watching three seasons of “The Office” can make you feel as if your brain has turned into mush. But in actuality, the brain is always pretty mushy and malleable — making neurosurgery even more difficult than it sounds. To gauge their success, ...

August 20, 2018
NVIDIA Turing Propels VR Toward Full Immersion
Over the last few decades, VR experiences have gone from science fiction to research labs to inside homes and offices. But even today’s best VR experiences have yet to achieve full immersion. NVIDIA’s new Turing GPUs are poised to take VR a big step ...

August 20, 2018
NVIDIA RTX Platform Brings Real-Time Ray Tracing and AI to Barrage of Blockbuster Games
Led by Battlefield V and Shadow of the Tomb Raider, World’s Top Game Developers Adopt NVIDIA RTX
Gamescom -- Following the introduction of the first NVIDIA Turing architecture-based GeForce RTX gaming GPUs, NVIDIA today announced that a barrage of blockbuster games — led by Battlefield V and Shadow of the Tomb Raider — are being developed on ...

August 20, 2018
10 Years in the Making: NVIDIA Brings Real-Time Ray Tracing to Gamers with GeForce RTX
NVIDIA RTX Hybrid Graphics Made Possible by AI and Ray Tracing Inventions; Delivers 6x Performance Boost; September Availability
Gamescom—NVIDIA today unveiled the GeForce RTX series, the first gaming GPUs based on the new NVIDIA Turing architecture and the NVIDIA RTX platform, which fuses next-generation shaders with real-time ray tracing and all-new AI capabilities.

August 19, 2018
NVIDIA’s Jensen Huang to Kick Off GeForce Gaming Event Ahead of Gamescom 2018
You know. We know you know. You know we know you know. Gamescom — the world’s largest gaming expo — is almost here. We’ve already told you our GeForce gaming event on Monday, Aug. 20, at the Palladium in Cologne, Germany, will be loaded with ...

August 17, 2018
Calling All GPU-Powered Grad Students: Apply for $50,000 NVIDIA Grant
We know that putting GPU technology in the hands of the world’s brightest minds leads to research breakthroughs. That’s why we’ve launched the 18th annual NVIDIA Graduate Fellowship Program. We’re looking for students doing outstanding GPU-based ...

August 17, 2018
NVIDIA’s High School Robotics Interns Dive into Deep Learning
Age is just a number. And nothing proves that adage better than our latest group of high school “Jetson” interns, who spent eight weeks using deep learning and neural networks to build robots that may one day be used on our campus in Santa Clara. ...

August 16, 2018
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Second Quarter Fiscal 2019
NVIDIA today reported revenue for the second quarter ended July 29, 2018, of $3.12 billion, up 40 percent from $2.23 billion a year earlier, and down 3 percent from $3.21 billion in the previous quarter.

August 15, 2018
AI Think I Can: Why GPUs Could Be the Engine Leading Us to Autonomous Trains
Boosted by machine learning, image recognition and NVIDIA GPUs, trains are on track to lead the way in autonomous transportation...


August 14, 2018
Alluring Turing: Get Up Close with 7 Keynote-worthy Turing Demos
RT Cores. Tensor Cores. Advanced shading technologies. If you’ve been following the news about our new Turing architecture — launched this week at the SIGGRAPH professional graphics conference — you’re probably wondering what all this technology can ...

August 14, 2018
Hundreds of Trillions of Pixels: NVIDIA and RED Digital Cinema Solve 8K Bottleneck
For discerning households, 4K video resolution is becoming the new gold standard. But in professional circles, the real glitter is on 8K. This ultra-high HD standard provides stunning clarity on large screens, where pixels aren’t visible even from ...

August 29, 2018
NVIDIA GPU Cloud Adds Support for Microsoft Azure
Thousands more developers, data scientists and researchers can now jumpstart their GPU computing projects, following today’s announcement that Microsoft Azure is a supported platform with NVIDIA GPU Cloud (NGC). Ready-to-run containers from NGC with ...

August 28, 2018
Music to the Ears: ‘Cocktail Party’ Problem Gets a Round of AI
The classic cocktail party problem — how to filter out specific sounds from a variety of background noises — is getting a shot of AI. Human ears do a great job at deciphering sounds from a din because the brain can focus our attention on what we ...

August 27, 2018
ELMo’s World: Using Deep Learning to Interpret Words with Many Meanings
Bank. Fair. Duck. Out of context, each word has multiple meanings. A bank is where you keep your money or the side of a river. Fair is where you climb into a Ferris wheel or your assessment of the ride. Duck is how you avoid injury from an incoming, ...

August 24, 2018
A Summer’s Endeavor: What My NVIDIA Internship Taught Me About Communication and Community
Walking into NVIDIA’s Endeavor building, on its Santa Clara campus, for the first time was like stepping into a white, pristine, triangular tech haven. The stairs were perfectly polished. The glass windows had no fingerprints. Everything was color ...

August 23, 2018
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Event for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following event for the financial community:

August 23, 2018
Say ‘Howdy’ to Texas’s Latest Self-Driving Cars
Drive.ai’s coming expansion of its self-driving car pilot to Arlington, Texas, isn’t its first driverless rodeo. But the testing, taking place between Dallas and Fort Worth, will validate its vehicles’ ability to handle a crowded entertainment ...

August 22, 2018
GeForce RTX: A Beast for Today’s Games — and Tomorrow’s
Open box. Start your game. Witness the impossible. Our GeForce RTX series GPUs — the first gaming GPUs based on our new NVIDIA Turing architecture — fuse next-generation shaders, real-time ray tracing, and all-new AI capabilities. Game developers ...

August 21, 2018
Driverless Ed: Students Advance Self-Driving Research at ’Formula Student Germany’ Competition
Insulin, quantum theory and the Nash equilibrium are just a few of the landmark discoveries that university student researchers have made pivotal contributions to. Autonomous vehicles — one of the biggest transportation breakthroughs of the past ...

August 20, 2018
GeForce RTX Propels PC Gaming’s Golden Age with Real-Time Ray Tracing
They say real-time ray tracing is the future of graphics — and always will be. No longer. NVIDIA today unveiled the biggest breakthrough in PC gaming in over a decade: the GeForce RTX series and the advent of real-time ray tracing. It’s a watershed ...

August 20, 2018
NVIDIA Unveils GeForce RTX, World’s First Real-Time Ray Tracing GPUs
Wait. What? WHAT! Holy @#$%. In a series of announcements that left more than 1,200 gamers gathered Monday in Cologne alternately breathless, giddy with laughter, and shouting their enthusiasm, Jensen Huang introduced the GeForce RTX series of ...

September 12, 2018
Fujifilm Is First in Japan to Adopt NVIDIA DGX-2 Supercomputer
FUJIFILM Corporation is the first company in Japan to adopt the NVIDIA DGX-2 AI supercomputer, which it will use to accelerate the development of AI technology for fields such as healthcare and medical imaging systems and its highly functional ...

September 10, 2018
NVIDIA and Arrow Electronics Bring New Jetson Xavier AI Computer to World’s Largest Industrial Markets
Platform Enables AI and Robotics Technology to Transform Manufacturing, Logistics, Smart Cities, Healthcare and More
NVIDIA and Arrow Electronics, Inc. today announced they are bringing NVIDIA® Jetson™ Xavier™, a first-of-its-kind computer designed for AI, robotics and...

September 10, 2018
Kiwi Delivery Robots Tackle Student Snack Attacks
What’s not to like about food delivered by a cheery little robot in about 30 minutes. That’s the attraction of Kiwi Bot, a robot hatched by a Colombian team now in residence at the University of California, Berkeley’s Skydeck accelerator, which ...

September 10, 2018
Signed, SHIELD, Delivered: Our Streaming Media Player Gets Its 20th Upgrade
Keeping our streaming media player — and our customers — on the cutting edge, we released Monday our 20th software upgrade for SHIELD TV, SHIELD Experience Software Upgrade 7.1. Since its launch in 2015, we’ve worked to make SHIELD the best media ...

September 07, 2018
Kampai to AI! GTC Japan Celebrates Robotics Innovations
We’re throwing a get-together in Tokyo next week for 5,000 or so of our closest friends. Actually, it’ll be more than that if you count all of the robots. GTC Japan 2018 marks our 10th GPU Technology Conference in the country, and it’s going to be ...

September 05, 2018
What’s in Your Genome? Startup Speeds DNA Analysis with GPUs
Anyone with a hundred bucks and a saliva sample can get some intriguing genetic insights by mail-order. But using DNA for research or clinical purposes requires the whole genome — which means sequencing and processing all 3 billion base pairs which ...

September 05, 2018
What’s the Difference Between a CNN and an RNN?
The hit 1982 TV series Knight Rider, starring David Hasselhoff and a futuristic crime-fighting Pontiac Firebird, was prophetic. The self-driving, talking car also offers a Hollywood lesson in image and language recognition. If scripted today, ...

September 05, 2018
Mercedes-Benz EQC Trailblazes Cockpit of the Future
Four years in the making, Mercedes-Benz’s first all-electric SUV looks smart, and acts it. The Mercedes-Benz EQC — introduced by Daimler chairman Dieter Zetsche Tuesday in Stockholm — kickstarts the automaker’s new line of electric vehicles. At the ...

September 04, 2018
Sounding the Alarm: How Deep Learning Helps Doctors Detect Pediatric Sepsis
In a high-stakes environment like the intensive care unit, there are more pressing tasks for a nurse than data entry — prompting hospitals to use devices that automatically measure patients’ vital signs. These time-saving machines create far more ...

August 31, 2018
GTC Japan: Robots, Start Your Engines
By land, sea and air, robots will arrive in Tokyo as the GPU Technology Conference heads to Japan. But the most anticipated autonomous machines may be the ones that come by road. With rapidly advancing sensing and processing capabilities, autonomous ...

September 13, 2018
Japan Shifts Autonomous Driving Industry into High Gear with NVIDIA DRIVE
As home to some of the world’s largest automakers, suppliers and automotive research institutions, Japan is a global authority when it comes to developing self-driving technology. At GTC Japan, NVIDIA showcased a range of partners developing on the ...

September 12, 2018
Amid Robotics Revolution, GTC Japan Celebrates All Things Autonomous
With artificial intelligence powering the smart phones in our hands and the drones roaming our skies, NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang unveiled plans to make all our devices more intelligent. At the GPU Technology Conference in Tokyo, NVIDIA founder and CEO ...

September 12, 2018
A Path for Safe Self-Driving: NVIDIA Opens DRIVE Constellation Platform to Simulation Partners
Autonomous driving is more than just replacing the human driver, it’s about creating an AI driver that’s much safer than a human. According to RAND Corporation, to drive even 20 percent better than a human requires 11 billion miles of validation. ...

September 12, 2018
Introducing NVIDIA DRIVE AGX DevKit: Open, Scalable Platform for Autonomous Driving
At GTC Japan, in the heart of the robotics revolution, we introduced today the NVIDIA DRIVE AGX Xavier Developer Kit, a platform for building autonomous driving systems. This open, scalable software and hardware solution enables companies to ...

September 12, 2018
Isuzu Developing Next-Generation Trucks with NVIDIA DRIVE AGX
Isuzu Motors Limited, one of Japan’s leading commercial vehicle makers, is using the NVIDIA DRIVE AGX platform to address an industry-wide driver-shortage issue while making roadways safer and less congested. “There’s not enough truck drivers in ...

September 12, 2018
Leading Japanese Companies Select NVIDIA Jetson AGX Xavier for Next-Generation Autonomous Machines
FANUC, Komatsu, Musashi Seimitsu, Kawada Technologies Adopt AI Robotics Platform Across Japanese Industrial Markets
GTC Japan -- NVIDIA today announced the global availability of the Jetson™ AGX Xavier™ developer kit, with industrial and manufacturing leaders in Japan among the first to...

September 12, 2018
NVIDIA Clara Platform to Usher in Next Generation of Medical Instruments
NVIDIA today unveiled the NVIDIA Clara platform, a combination of hardware and software that brings AI to the next generation of medical instruments as a powerful new tool for early detection, diagnosis and treatment of diseases. At the heart of the ...

September 12, 2018
Yamaha Motor Adopts Jetson AGX Xavier for Autonomous Machines for Land, Air and Sea
GTC Japan -- Yamaha Motor Co. has selected NVIDIA® Jetson™ AGX Xavier™ as the development system to power its upcoming lineup of autonomous machines, NVIDIA founder and CEO ...

September 12, 2018
New NVIDIA Data Center Inference Platform to Fuel Next Wave of AI-Powered Services
Tesla T4 GPU and New TensorRT Software Enable Intelligent Voice, Video, Image and Recommendation Services
GTC Japan -- Fueling the growth of AI services worldwide, NVIDIA today launched an AI data center platform that delivers the industry’s most advanced inference acceleration for voice, video, image and recommendation services.

September 12, 2018
NTT Adopting NVIDIA AI Platform to Power Company-Wide Artificial Intelligence Initiative
GTC Japan -- NTT Group, one of the world’s largest telecom companies, is adopting NVIDIA’s AI platform based on Tensor Core GPUs as the common platform for its ...

September 24, 2018
An AI for an Eye: How Deep Learning May Prevent Diabetes-Induced Blindness
There are many ways diabetes can be debilitating, even lethal. But one condition caused by the disease comes on without warning. A patient “can go to sleep one night and wake up the next morning and be legally blind, with no previous symptoms,” said ...

September 21, 2018
Psst, Play Aggressively: Visor Launches AI for In-Game Alerts in ‘Overwatch’
Multiplayer first-person shooters can be both exciting and nerve-racking. So, it helps to have a knowledgeable player by your side with suggestions. That’s the promise of Visor, which is offering in-game AI alerts and post-game analysis for titles ...

September 20, 2018
Attention, Developers: We’re Turning Up the Power of NVIDIA SDKs for Turing
Developers can get off to a running start with Turing, our new GPU architecture, using our latest software tools. Unveiled last month, Turing is one of the biggest leaps in computer graphics in 20 years. As the first Turing-based GPUs hit the ...

September 19, 2018
How Deep Learning Can Help Doctors Navigate the Contours of Radiation Therapy
Contouring isn’t just for Kim Kardashian’s cheekbones. Doctors use a process of the same name to determine high-precision radiation therapy treatments. Once the size and shape of tumors are identified in medical images, contouring helps them design ...

September 18, 2018
Leading the Charge to an Electric Future: Audi Unveils E-Tron SUV
Some companies ride the current of innovation. Others lead the charge into new technologies. Amid a crowd of 1,600 reporters and guests in the San Francisco Bay Area, NVIDIA partner Audi unveiled its latest trailblazing vehicle: the e-tron SUV, ...

September 17, 2018
Shapely Bell Curve: NVIDIA Volta Tensor Core GPUs Power 5 of 6 Gordon Bell Finalists
Movies have the Oscars. Television has the Emmys. Broadway has the Tonys. But for those known for harnessing computing power more than star power, what counts is the Gordon Bell Prize. Established more than three decades ago by the Association for ...

September 17, 2018
Robot Tamer Madeline Gannon: New Platform Will Bring Machines to Heel at Scale
Training, testing and coding robots is a grueling process. Our recently launched Isaac platform promises to change all that. Few know that better than roboticist Madeline Gannon. For the past month, she’s been hard at work developing a robotic art ...

September 14, 2018
Reinforcement Learning ‘Really Works’ for AI Against Pro Gamers, OpenAI Trailblazer Says
Fast, creative, smart — great gamers are all these things. Somebody has to teach machines how to keep up. That somebody is Ilya Sutskever and his team at OpenAI Sutskever, co-founder and research director of OpenAI, and his team at Open AI are ...

September 14, 2018
In the Eye of the Storm: The Weather Channel Forecasts Hurricane Florence With Stunning Visuals
With Hurricane Florence threatening flash floods, The Weather Channel on Thursday broadcast its first-ever live simulation to convey the storm’s severity before it hit land. The Atlanta-based television network has adopted graphics processing more ...

September 13, 2018
How MagLev Speeds Autonomous Vehicles to Superhuman Levels of Safety
Most of us don’t think about it when we take the wheel, but the sheer variety of conditions and events we face on our daily drive is staggering. To help manufacturers build self-driving cars able to handle these, NVIDIA announced on Thursday at the ...

October 08, 2018
Keep on Rockin’: Startup Develops AI for Mapping Tunnels and Mineshafts
RockMass is digging a niche for itself in mining and tunnels. The Toronto-based startup is developing an NVIDIA AI-powered mapping platform that can help engineers assess tunnel stability in mines and construction. Today, geologists and engineers ...

October 08, 2018
GTC DC: Learn How Washington Plans to Keep the U.S. in Front in the AI Race
The U.S. government spends about $4 trillion a year, and the question every taxpayer seems to ask is: How can we get more, while paying less? The answer more and more leaders are turning to: AI. That’s why thousands of agency leaders, congressional ...

October 05, 2018
Noisy Data: Nigerian Startup Aims to Save Lives by Analyzing Infant Cries with AI
There’s more to an infant’s cry than what meets the ear. A Nigerian startup is seeking potentially life-saving information in those wails using AI. It’s developing a deep learning model to enable hospitals in developing nations to use this data to ...

October 04, 2018
Putting Biopsies Under AI Microscope: Pathology Startup Fuels Shift Away from Physical Slides
Hundreds of millions of tissue biopsies are performed worldwide each year — most of which are diagnosed as non-cancerous. But for the few days or weeks it takes a lab to provide a result, uncertainty weighs on patients. “Patients suffer emotionally, ...

October 03, 2018
OmniSci (formerly MapD) Charts $55M in Funding for GPU-Powered Analytics
OmniSci, a data-visualization startup that’s just changed its name from MapD, has a chart of its own: hockey stick growth. The pioneer in GPU-driven analytics, which delivers its popular data visualizations in the blink of an eye, on Wednesday ...

October 02, 2018
Why Today Is an Exciting Moment for Gamers and Important Catalyst for Ray-Traced Games
The gaming industry witnessed a seismic shift in computer graphics in August with the launch of NVIDIA’s GeForce RTX 20-series GPUs. For the first time, developers and consumers worldwide have access to hardware fast enough to do real-time ray ...

October 01, 2018
AI Chatbot Offers Better Way to Search Maze of Company Info
Your company’s internal online directory of resources resembles a medieval labyrinth. Finding something like the in-house holiday schedule can entail hitting lots of walls. Startup Jane.ai aims to help navigate around those headaches. The St. Louis ...

September 27, 2018
An App for Sore AIs: Research App Seeks to Predict Seasonal Allergies
Being in nature should be calming, amid chirping birds, buzzing bees, burbling brooks. But pollen, in a sneak attack, makes allergy sufferers erupt into a sneezing, watery-eyed mess. It’s not easy to predict when seasonal allergies will strike — but ...

September 26, 2018
Autonomous Autobahn-anza: Array of Driverless Vehicles Coming to GTC Europe
As the birthplace of the automobile, Germany — the location of next month’s GTC Europe — is the ideal backdrop to map out the future of mobility and transportation. Global automotive and tech leaders will gather at the event in Munich on Oct. 9-11 ...

September 25, 2018
Saving Lives, Supporting Families: Four Cancer-Care Groups Receive $200K in NVIDIA Grants
Lacking insurance, Gaby, from Brooklyn, New York, fell behind in having regular mammograms, which can be lifesavers. But after spotting a mobile care clinic run by the American-Italian Cancer Foundation, which offers free scans, she had the chance ...

October 10, 2018
Automakers, Suppliers, Build Autonomous Future on NVIDIA DRIVE AGX
Autonomous driving is no longer a distant goal post, a vision of the future set decades ahead. At GTC Europe, three leading companies — Volvo Cars, Continental and Veoneer — disclosed their near-term production plans for the next generation of cars. ...

October 10, 2018
First Mover: Germany’s DFKI to Deploy Europe’s Initial DGX-2 Supercomputer
DFKI, the leading research center in Germany in the field of innovative commercial software technology using AI, is the first group in Europe to adopt the NVIDIA DGX-2 AI supercomputer. The research center will use the system to quickly analyze ...

October 10, 2018
King’s College London, NVIDIA Build Gold Standard for AI Infrastructure in the Clinic
King’s College London, a leader in medical research, is Europe’s first clinical partner to adopt NVIDIA DGX-2 and the NVIDIA Clara platform. KCL is deploying NVIDIA AI solutions to rethink the practice of radiology and pathology in a quest to better ...

October 10, 2018
Volvo Selects NVIDIA DRIVE for Production Cars
New AI-Based NVIDIA DRIVE AGX Xavier System Enables Level 2+ Assisted Driving, Market Introduction Early 2020s
GTC Europe--Volvo Cars and NVIDIA today announced that the Swedish automaker has selected the NVIDIA DRIVE AGX Xavier™ computer for its next generation of vehicles, with...

October 10, 2018
IBM and NVIDIA Collaborate to Expand Open Source Machine Learning Tools for Data Scientists
RAPIDS, new GPU-accelerated libraries to be made available in PowerAI on IBM POWER9, IBM Cloud, and IBM Watson Studio
IBM today announced that it plans to incorporate the new RAPIDS™ open source software into its enterprise-grade data science platform for on-premises,...

October 10, 2018
Getting Answers Faster: NVIDIA and Open-Source Ecosystem Come Together to Accelerate Data Science
No matter the industry, data science has become a universal toolkit for businesses. Data analytics and machine learning give organizations insights and answers that shape their day-to-day actions and future plans. Being data-driven has become ...

October 10, 2018
NVIDIA Introduces RAPIDS Open-Source GPU-Acceleration Platform for Large-Scale Data Analytics and Machine Learning
HPE, IBM, Oracle, Open-Source Community, Startups Integrate RAPIDS, Giving Giant Performance Boost to End-to-End Predictive Data Analytics
GTC Europe—NVIDIA today announced a GPU-acceleration platform for data science and machine learning, with broad adoption from industry leaders, that enables even...

October 10, 2018
Creating a Driver’s License Test for Self-Driving Cars
German safety experts are developing AI driver’s tests that won’t have a driving instructor gripping the emergency handbrake. TÜV SÜD, a safety agency that works with governing bodies to draft vehicle regulations, in collaboration with AVL List ...

October 10, 2018
Real-Time DNA Sequencing in the Palm of Your Hand
In the vast stretches of iron-red soil fields in much of Africa, cassava plays an essential role in the food supply and livelihoods of over 800 million people. Think rice in Asia and wheat in Europe. So when two whitefly-borne viruses attack the ...

October 09, 2018
At GTC Europe: The Power of Virtualization Multiplied with Enhanced vGPU Solutions
Multi-GPU performance with virtual workstations enables designers and engineers to bring their creations to life and speed up the design process. The world’s most powerful virtual workstation just upped the ante. The latest enhancements to the ...

October 12, 2018
NVIDIA CEO on How Deep Learning Makes Turing’s Graphics Scream
The deep learning revolution sweeping the globe started with processors — GPUs — originally made for gaming. With our Turing architecture, deep learning is coming back to gaming, and bringing stunning performance with it. Turing combines ...

October 12, 2018
NVIDIA RTX GPUs Inspire Creativity at Adobe MAX
You’re a creator with an imagination running at the speed of light. Nothing can stop you. And nothing should — especially not the system that powers your favorite creative apps. Thousands of the world’s top creators will descend on Adobe MAX in Los ...

October 11, 2018
How Europe’s Researchers Are Using GPUs to Answer Science’s Biggest Questions
Thousands flocked to Munich this week for a major gathering — not Oktoberfest, but GTC Europe. The conference, now in its third year, is a celebration of groundbreaking GPU-accelerated work across the region. Nearly 300 developers, startups and ...

October 11, 2018
By the Light of the Moon: Turing Recreates Scene of Iconic Lunar Landing
If you’re going to fake a moon landing, you’re going to need the world’s most advanced GPUs. Four years ago, our demo team used GPUs to debunk the myth that the Apollo 11 moon landing was a hoax. So thoroughly, in fact, that it’s become a bit of a ...

October 10, 2018
Automakers Extend AI Use Beyond Autonomous Vehicles into Back Office
For companies developing autonomous vehicles, AI may be taking the wheel, but it’s also increasingly being used in the back office. Automakers, suppliers and startups developing self-driving cars are implementing deep learning algorithms to operate ...

October 10, 2018
DRIVE AGX Makes Self-Driving Dreams a Reality
The result of more than 18,000 hardware engineer years and 10,000 software engineer years in development, the NVIDIA DRIVE AGX platform delivers a true autonomous driving solution for production-level vehicles. With today’s announcement of the ...

October 10, 2018
Germany’s BrighterAI Named Hottest Startup at GTC Europe
On the tenth day of the tenth month in Munich, there were ten. Deeply ambitious AI startups, that is, going head to head at GTC Europe. They were vying for the title of Europe’s Hottest Startup in a series of lightning-fast pitches and Q&A with a ...

October 10, 2018
NVIDIA Launches GPU-Acceleration Platform for Data Science, Volvo Selects NVIDIA DRIVE
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang unveils RAPIDS to accelerate data science; highlights auto, health advancements at GPU Technology Conference in Europe. The post NVIDIA Launches GPU-Acceleration Platform for Data Science, Volvo Selects NVIDIA DRIVE appeared ...

October 10, 2018
Oracle and NVIDIA Bring the Power of the Cloud to the Next Generation of Analytics, Machine Learning and AI
First public cloud provider to support NVIDIA HGX-2 to give customers access to a unified data science, HPC and AI computing architecture
GTC Europe--Oracle and NVIDIA today announced that Oracle is the first public cloud provider to support the NVIDIA HGX-2 platform...

October 10, 2018
Around the Valley in 80 Kilometers: NVIDIA Autonomous Test Vehicle Completes Fully Driverless Highway Loop
The number of white knuckles on Silicon Valley highways may be on its way down. This month, an NVIDIA autonomous test vehicle, nicknamed BB8, completed an 80-kilometer (approximately 50-mile) route near company headquarters in Santa Clara, Calif., ...

October 23, 2018
NVIDIA, Scripps Research Translational Institute Partner on AI for Genomics, Digital Health Sensors
The Scripps Research Translational Institute is partnering with NVIDIA to develop AI and deep learning best practices, tools and infrastructure to accelerate AI applications using genomic and digital health sensor data. With NVIDIA, Scripps will ...

October 23, 2018
Safety Is What Drives Us: Introducing the NVIDIA Self-Driving Safety Report
Autonomous vehicles promise to reduce traffic accidents by replacing unpredictable human drivers with artificial intelligence. But how do manufacturers ensure these new drivers are truly safe? To help answer that, NVIDIA has released the ...

October 22, 2018
Dynamic Duo: MIT Research Project Shows Potential for AI and Humans to Work Together Creatively
Deep learning is used by scientists to further our understanding of the universe, the DNA in our bodies and everything in between. But sometimes scientists just want to have a little fun. And at the MIT Media Lab, a group of researchers has been ...

October 18, 2018
Startups Pack GTC Israel as Smallest of Them All Sweeps Top Inception Award
NVIDIA’s third GPU Technology Conference in just over a month spilled across Tel Aviv’s convention center this week, in a packed show featuring a live demo of an AI-infused apple-picking drone, a student-built autonomous Formula One car and a ...

October 18, 2018
Israel’s Constellation of Startups Using NVIDIA DGX Station to Polish Their Stars
A host of startups at the GPU Technology Conference in Israel this week are showing off the extraordinary acceleration gains and efficiency the NVIDIA DGX Station provides for their deep-learning work. Companies like Cognata — which creates ...

October 18, 2018
17 Startups Driving the Automotive Future at GTC Israel
At GTC Israel this week, 17 automotive startups showcased the latest developments in autonomous driving, connectivity and mobility services. The young companies are developing on NVIDIA DRIVE, taking advantage of Israel’s fast-paced, flexible ...

October 17, 2018
How 20 Self-Driving Demos Wowed GTC Europe with Diversity and Innovation
From race cars to school buses to street sweepers, an autonomous vehicle for every need is on display at GTC Europe. At the region’s premiere AI conference this week in Munich, NVIDIA DRIVE ecosystem partners demonstrated concepts and prototypes of ...

October 16, 2018
Medical Startup Scrubs Operating Room Data to Train Better Surgeons
Tweezers carefully poised, the surgeon gingerly attempts to extract the patient’s funny bone. But the hand slips — buzz! — and another round of the classic board game Operation is lost. At best, the game, which first went on sale in the 1960s, might ...

October 15, 2018
NVIDIA, Adobe to Bring Interactive, Photo-Real Ray Tracing to Millions of Graphic Designers
Oil and canvas. Thunder and lightning. Salt and pepper. Some things just go together — like Adobe Dimension CC and NVIDIA RTX ray tracing, which are poised to revolutionize the work of graphic designers and artists. Adobe Dimension CC makes it easy ...

October 12, 2018
AI in Your Wallet: Capital One Banks on Machine Learning
When you hear of AI and machine learning, it’s easy to think of technology companies leading the charge. Capital One is determined to change that. “My first thought when Capital One approached me was ‘well it makes sense they use machine learning to ...

October 31, 2018
How You Can Explore Nefertari’s Tomb in Hyper-Realistic VR
Nefertari’s tomb is hailed as one of the finest in all of Egypt. And now visitors can explore it in exquisite detail without hopping on a transoceanic flight. Nefertari was known as the most beautiful of five wives of Ramses II, a pharaoh renowned ...

October 30, 2018
NVIDIA GPUs to Power New Berkeley National Lab Supercomputer, Accelerating Scientific Discoveries
NVIDIA GPUs will power a next-generation supercomputer at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, announced today by U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry and supercomputer manufacturer Cray. Perlmutter, a pre-exascale system coming in 2020 to the DOE’s ...

October 29, 2018
Whale of an Idea: Tapping AI to Keep Ships from Striking Endangered Sea Mammals
After centuries of steadily decimating the world’s whale populations, humans have taken significant steps to reverse their catastrophic impact. One of the latest: an AI-powered project spearheaded by the Canadian government that aims to minimize ...

October 26, 2018
Startup Deploys AI-Enabled Vision to Deliver Clicks to Retail’s ‘Bricks’
Amazon knows exactly how many seconds you pace around their site while shopping for running shoes. But brick-and-mortar retailers stumble when it comes to measuring foot traffic. Motionloft promises to put them in step. The San Francisco startup ...

October 24, 2018
Policy Leaders Map Future of Safe Self-Driving at GTC DC
There’s at least one thing policymakers can quickly agree on: for autonomous vehicles to become mainstream, they must be proven safe. Policy, tech and automotive leaders gathered this week at NVIDIA’s GPU Technology Conference in Washington to ...

October 24, 2018
How Robots Could Save Strawberries, Green Agriculture, and Feed a Growing Population
Like strawberries? Changes in the labor market mean harvesting fresh strawberries by hand may soon be economically unsustainable. The solution: a wild new breed of robots developed by Harvest CROO Robotics — a startup backed by strawberry growers — ...

October 24, 2018
AI a Priority for U.S. Government, Federal CIO Suzette Kent Says
There’s nothing like a little Van Halen in the morning. In a rousing talk at the Washington edition of our GPU Technology Conference Wednesday — our fourth such show in just over a month — U.S. Chief Information Officer Suzette Kent presented a ...

October 23, 2018
NVIDIA, Carnegie Mellon Team Up to Aid First Responders
When disaster strikes, the clock ticks faster. Civilians need to be evacuated. Supplies need to be moved. First responders need to be deployed. Delays can cost lives. AI will soon help those on the ground keep up amidst the chaos, NVIDIA vice ...

October 23, 2018
We’re Now in an Age of AI, NVIDIA’s Ian Buck Says
AI has broken out of the lab. It’s transforming industries. It’s changing how we get to work and how doctors diagnose disease. And now it promises to help prevent illnesses and speed up relief efforts after natural disasters. Kicking off the ...

October 23, 2018
AI Developer Productivity Meets Enterprise IT Manageability
Many enterprises find themselves in a bind. Their developers are clamoring to infuse the power of AI into business operations, products and services. But their IT departments, faced with on-boarding and integrating these AI-centered workloads within ...

November 12, 2018
NGC Containers Now Available for More Users, More Apps, More Platforms
Call it a virtuous circle. GPUs are accelerating increasing numbers of data science and HPC workloads. This has enabled a wide range of scientific breakthroughs, including five of this year’s six Gordon Bell Prize finalists. These advances boost ...

November 12, 2018
NVIDIA-Accelerated Supercomputers Hit New Highs on TOP500 List
NVIDIA GPU-Accelerated Systems Jump Nearly 50 Percent in One Year; Accelerate Fastest Supercomputers in the World - U.S., Europe, Japan; Power 22 of World’s 25 Most Energy-Efficient Supercomputers
SC18—NVIDIA’s position as the most dynamic force in global supercomputing was confirmed today in the just-issued TOP500 list of the world’s fastest supercomputers.

November 09, 2018
First NVIDIA DGX-2 Supercomputers in U.S. Arrive at National Labs to Fuel Scientific Discovery
The first NVIDIA DGX-2 AI supercomputers in the U.S. have arrived at the nation’s leading research labs for work driving important scientific discoveries. DGX-2 systems provide more than two petaflops of deep learning computing power from 16 NVIDIA ...

November 08, 2018
AI to Neigh About: Magic AI Trots Out Horse Intelligence
Magic AI is galloping into the internet of horses arena. The Seattle-based startup, an angel-funded team of five, has been developing AI for stable managers and riders to monitor the health and security of horses from video feeds. Image recognition ...

November 07, 2018
Startup Brings AI-Powered Image Analysis to Heart, Liver and Lungs
Analysis of medical images is a time sink for radiologists, but crucial for diagnosing all sorts of ailments. When screening for lung cancer, radiologists spend up to three minutes analyzing a normal image and as long as 10 minutes analyzing one ...

November 06, 2018
Pixellot Scores a Goal for Amateur Sports by Automating Video Analysis with AI
Stephen Curry. Cristiano Ronaldo. Tom Brady. These future hall of famers and their pro teammates all up their game using extensive video analysis. Why should it be any different for weekend warriors and aspiring rec league stars? Startup Pixellot ...

November 05, 2018
Fish Out of Water: Using Drones to Help African Nations Spot Illegal Fishing
The undulating western coast of Africa is one of the most diverse fishing zones in the world, with more than 1,000 identified fish species. It’s also one of the most at risk. One of the World Wildlife Fund’s “Critical Regions of the World,” the West ...

November 02, 2018
Residence In: NVIDIA Launches Year-Long Research Residency Program
If you’re a researcher looking to deepen your exposure to AI, NVIDIA invites you to apply to its new AI Research Residency program. During the one-year, paid program, residents will be paired with an NVIDIA research scientist on a joint project and ...

November 01, 2018
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for Third-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of Call
NVIDIA will host a conference call on Thursday, November 15, at 2:30 p.m. PT (5:30 p.m. ET) to discuss its financial results for the third quarter of fiscal...

October 31, 2018
MIT Deploys Deep Learning Tool for Analyzing Mammograms
Depending on which radiologist analyzes a mammogram, there’s a huge variation in breast density readings — an assessment that indicates a patient’s risk for developing breast cancer. One study found that radiologists classified anywhere between six ...

November 16, 2018
Dazzling in Dallas: Tsinghua University Wins Student Cluster Competition at SC18
A 48-hour supercomputing battle pushes students to question decisions. GPUs aren’t one of them. At the SC18 supercomputing show’s Student Cluster Competition, Tsinghua Technological University, of China — running eight NVIDIA V100 GPUs — snagged the ...

November 16, 2018
That Was Fast: GPUs Now Accelerate Almost 600 HPC Apps
Just over 10 years ago accelerated applications didn’t exist. Today, almost 600 are accelerated by NVIDIA GPUs. The reason: GPU acceleration works. And that’s why it’s been put to work on the hardest computing jobs on earth. These are apps that get ...

November 15, 2018
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Third Quarter Fiscal 2019
NVIDIA today reported revenue for the third quarter ended Oct. 28, 2018, of $3.18 billion, up 21 percent from $2.64 billion a year earlier, and up 2 percent from $3.12 billion in the previous quarter.

November 15, 2018
NVIDIA Enables Next Wave of Growth — Accelerated Data Science — for High Performance Computing
NVIDIA is teaming up with the world’s largest tech companies and the U.S.’s top supercomputing labs to accelerate data analytics and machine learning, one of the fastest growing areas of high performance computing. The new initiative marks a key ...

November 14, 2018
SC18: World’s Best-Educated Graffiti Wall Celebrates GPU Developer Community
Call it the heart of the heart of the SC18 supercomputing show. Possibly the world’s best-educated graffiti wall, the whiteboard-sized graphic tracks the dizzying growth of the NVIDIA Developer Program — from a single soul to its current 1.1 million ...

November 13, 2018
Making the Grade: NVIDIA Xavier Achieves Another Milestone for Safe Self-Driving
The end product isn’t what makes a new technology safe. It’s everything that goes into a product — from design to development to manufacturing. That’s why global safety experts at German agency TÜV SÜD have assessed the development process for the ...

November 13, 2018
Fearless Forecast: Two Days of Weather Predicted in Just 20 Minutes, Down to a Square Kilometer, in SC18 Demo
For a peek at what the future of supercomputer-powered weather prediction could look like, head into the sprawling Dallas convention center where the SC18 supercomputing show has come to life. A rich map of a million square kilometers of Switzerland ...

November 13, 2018
Prepare for Future of Design: Introducing the Quadro RTX 4000
NVIDIA today introduced the Quadro RTX 4000 graphics card — the company’s first midrange professional GPU powered by the NVIDIA Turing architecture and the NVIDIA RTX platform. Unveiled at the annual Autodesk University Conference in Las Vegas, the ...

November 12, 2018
SC18: High Performance Computing Demand Continues to Surge, Accelerated by NVIDIA GPUs
NVIDIA’s playing a bigger role in high performance computing than ever, just as supercomputing itself has become central to meeting the biggest challenges of our time. Speaking just hours ahead of the start of the annual SC18 supercomputing ...

November 12, 2018
NVIDIA Announces Record Adoption of New Turing T4 Cloud GPU
Multi-Precision Tensor Core GPU for Diverse Workloads Now Available on Google Cloud; 50+ Server Designs from Major Computer Makers
SC18 -- NVIDIA today announced that the new NVIDIA® T4 GPU has received the fastest adoption of any server GPU.

November 26, 2018
NVIDIA and 75 Healthcare Partners Power Future of Radiology
Artificial intelligence research in radiology has shown great promise to improve quality, access and cost of care. However, it’s going to take an army of allies to bring this research to clinical practice. And that’s why NVIDIA has been hard at work ...

November 20, 2018
Doing Reflections and Shadows Justice: Ray Tracing, DLSS to Transform MMO Games
A row of red lanterns reflected in a warrior’s shining scales of armor. Shadows cast by children running down the paved pathway of an open-air market. A lit carriage reflected onto colorful ceramic vases that line the street. These stunning ...

November 20, 2018
How Healthcare Industry Is Using NVIDIA AI to Better Meet Patients’ Needs
AI has the potential to transform healthcare. And in few places is that potential greater than in fast-growing China, home to one of the world’s largest elderly populations. As the country’s healthcare industry works to address the needs of this ...

November 20, 2018
E-Commerce Giants Select NVIDIA Jetson AGX Xavier for Next-Gen Delivery Robots
Leading China e-commerce companies JD.com and Meituan have selected the NVIDIA Jetson AGX Xavier platform to power their next-generation autonomous delivery robots. Over the past decade, China’s e-commerce has grown to represent more than 40 percent ...

November 20, 2018
NVIDIA Turing T4 Cloud GPU Adoption Accelerates
Baidu, Tencent, iFLYTEK, JD.com to Adopt Turing Cloud GPU to Accelerate Hyperscale Datacenters; Inspur, Lenovo, Huawei, Sugon, IPS, H3C Announce T4-Based Servers
GTC China -- Adoption of the NVIDIA® T4 Cloud GPU is accelerating, with more tech giants unveiling products and services based on what is already the fastest-adopted server GPU, NVIDIA announced today.

November 20, 2018
NVIDIA HGX-2 GPU-Accelerated Platform Gains Broad Adoption
Baidu, Tencent Adopt HGX-2 to Build More Powerful AI Services; Inspur, Lenovo, Huawei, Sugon Introduce and Support New HGX-2 Based Servers
GTC China -- NVIDIA today announced broad adoption of the NVIDIA HGX-2™ server platform, the world’s most powerful accelerated server platform, for AI deep learning, machine learning and high performance computing.

November 20, 2018
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community: Barclays Global TMT Conference, Thursday, Dec. 6, at 12 p.m. Pacific time ...

November 20, 2018
Driving the Next Generation of Vehicles
Autonomous driving technology is creating a transportation revolution — from personal travel, to logistics and delivery — and nowhere is that more apparent than in the world’s largest automotive market. China, which accounts for about one-third of ...

November 19, 2018
Swatting Down Disease: Puerto Rican Startup Takes Bite Out of Mosquito-Borne Sickness
Ask folks which animal kills the most people each year and they’ll probably say crocodiles, sharks or maybe lions. But the correct answer is a lot less obvious — the mosquito. To give a sense of the damage they’ve wrought, an analysis of all the ...

November 16, 2018
Twice as Nice: NVIDIA Powers Not One, But Two, Gordon Bell Prizes
Award-winning research on opioid addiction and climate change fueled by NVIDIA researchers and tens of thousands of NVIDIA GPUs. There was a big surprise at the highly anticipated awards ceremony at SC18, the annual supercomputing show in Dallas ...

December 06, 2018
Good News About Fake News: AI Learning to Detect It
There’s nothing fake about this news. With “fake news” embedding itself into, well, our news, it’s become more important than ever to distinguish between content that is fake or authentic. That’s why Vagelis Papalexakis, a professor of computer ...

December 06, 2018
What Lies Beneath: Underwater Drone Unlocks Secrets of the Deep
Capturing beautiful images from dizzying heights and out-of-reach locations is becoming the norm thanks to aerial drones. But for those more at home under the waves, there has been no comparable offering. Notilo Plus, a Marseille, France-based ...

December 05, 2018
NVIDIAN Rhapsody: Elite AI Researchers Win First TITAN RTX GPUs at NeurIPS
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? That’s what an audience of 500 leading deep learning researchers were asking themselves Tuesday night when we announced we’re giving away TITAN RTX GPUs to 10 lucky attendees. The randomly chosen ...

December 04, 2018
NVIDIA Research Takes NeurIPS Attendees on AI Road Trip
Grab the steering wheel. Step on the accelerator. Take a joyride through a 3D urban neighborhood that looks like Tokyo, or New York, or maybe Rio de Janeiro — all imagined by AI. We’ve introduced at this week’s NeurIPS conference AI research that ...

December 03, 2018
NVIDIA Extends PhysX for High Fidelity Simulations, Goes Open Source
NVIDIA PhysX, the most popular physics simulation engine on the planet, is going open source. We’re doing this because physics simulation — long key to immersive games and entertainment — turns out to be more important than we ever thought. Physics ...

December 03, 2018
New NVIDIA Research Creates Interactive Worlds with AI
Invention Has Potential to Create Virtual Worlds for Gaming, Automotive, Robotics, VR
NeurIPS -- NVIDIA today introduced groundbreaking AI research that enables developers for the first time to render entirely...

December 03, 2018
NVIDIA Reveals the Titan of Turing: TITAN RTX
Turing-Powered TITAN Delivers 130 Teraflops of Deep Learning Horsepower, 11 GigaRays of Ray-Tracing Performance to World’s Most Demanding Users
NeurIPS -- NVIDIA today introduced NVIDIA® TITAN RTX™, the world’s most powerful desktop GPU, providing massive performance for AI...

November 30, 2018
From Gear Shifts to A-Lists: Los Angeles Auto Show a Star-Studded Affair
As the home of classic films and Hollywood blockbusters made possible by cutting-edge technology, Los Angeles has always been buzzing with excitement. And this year’s 111th running of the Los Angeles Auto Show fits right in. During the show preview ...

November 28, 2018
Israeli AI Startup Restores Speech Abilities to Stroke Victims, Others with Impaired Language
When Danny Weissberg’s grandmother was overcome by a stroke 10 years ago, she lost the ability to speak intelligibly, and their family lost the primary way to communicate with its matriarch. In the wake of his grandmother’s sudden impairment, the ...

November 27, 2018
Hot Ticket: Sold-Out NeurIPS to Feature NVIDIA AI Research, Speakers and Demos
It took three hours for tickets to this year’s Coachella music festival to sell out. Burning Man 2018 sold out in half an hour. But the 32nd Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems topped them both, with registration filling up in under ...

December 13, 2018
RED Digital Cinema and NVIDIA Make 8K Movie Editing a Reality
Working with 8K video will be easier and more accessible than ever thanks to collaboration between RED Digital Cinema and NVIDIA revealed last night during an industry event at the historic Linwood Dunn Theater in Hollywood. In front of leaders from ...

December 12, 2018
Now Available: NVIDIA Jetson AGX Xavier Module for Next-Gen Autonomous Machines
Delivery robots that speed orders right to your door. Manufacturing robots that collaborate with humans. Handheld DNA sequencers that help scientists save crops from disease. These machines are among the first to make the leap from sci-fi into ...

December 12, 2018
NVIDIA Sets Six Records in AI Performance
NVIDIA has set six AI performance records with today’s release of the industry’s first broad set of AI benchmarks. Backed by Google, Intel, Baidu, NVIDIA and dozens more technology leaders, the new MLPerf benchmark suite measures a wide range of ...

December 11, 2018
Where's Santa? How GPUs Power the NORAD Santa Tracker
Santa Claus monitors children everywhere, watching to see who’s naughty and who’s nice. But someone has to keep an eye on Santa, too. NORAD diligently monitors North American skies year-round for missiles, planes and other airborne objects. On ...

December 11, 2018
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Event for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following event for the financial community: J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference, Thursday, Jan. 10, at 8:30 a.m. Pacific time ...

December 11, 2018
Putting Their Foot Down: GOAT Uses AI to Stomp Out Fake Air Jordan and Adidas Yeezy Sneakers
Sneaker aficionados invest hundreds of dollars into rare Nike Air Jordans and the hottest Kanye West Adidas Yeezys. But scoring an authentic pair amid a crush of counterfeits is no slam dunk. Culver City, Calif., startup GOAT (a nod to the sports ...

December 10, 2018
IBM and NVIDIA Deliver Proven Infrastructure for the AI Enterprise
A deluge of data is fueling AI innovation. It’s a trend that shows no sign of slowing. As organizations in every industry around the globe attempt to streamline their data pipelines and maximize data science productivity, one challenge looms large: ...

December 10, 2018
AI Makes a Splash: Parisian Trio Navigates Autonomous Cargo Ships
It started as friends hacking a radio-controlled boat over a weekend for fun. What happened next is classic Silicon Valley: Three childhood buddies parlay robotics and autonomous vehicle skills into an autonomous ship startup and cold-call the ...

December 10, 2018
How Robots Will Learn: Berkeley’s Sergey Levine Coaxes Robots to Enjoy Their Childhood
Imagine robots straining to grip door handles. Or lifting plastic bananas and dropping them into dog bowls. Or struggling to push Lego pieces around a metal bin. If you visited the laboratory of professor Sergey Levine at the University of ...

December 07, 2018
Scaling the Universe: How Large GPU Clusters Aid Understanding of Galaxy Formation
For centuries, scientists have marveled at telescopic imagery, theorized about much of what they see and drawn conclusions from their observations. More recently, astronomers and astrophysicists are using the computing performance of GPUs and AI to ...

December 21, 2018
Friendly Work Rivalry Spurs Spectacular Holiday Light Shows in Austin
They say everything is bigger in Texas. And it’s especially true when it comes to spectacular holiday light shows, thanks to a decade-long rivalry between two Austin-based NVIDIA engineers. John Storms and Lee Franzen festoon their respective homes ...

December 21, 2018
Flying High Again: Airplane Turnarounds Take a Spin with AI
Airlines generally aren’t soaring with fans, but AI could shorten delays to get people flying high again. Zurich-based Assaia is developing AI that aims to compress the time between landing and liftoff. The self-funded startup, founded earlier this ...

December 21, 2018
Uncommon Threads: Rare NVIDIA T-Shirts Gain Cult Following
Don’t meet your heroes, they say, you might be disappointed. Use your heroes to meet other people, however, and you may just be delighted. Rory Loeb, an NVIDIA creative director who leads the company’s branding efforts, found that out last year ...

December 20, 2018
It’s On: NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang to Hold 2019 CES Press Event
First come, first served. We’re kicking off CES early. NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang will unveil our latest on Sunday, Jan. 6, at the MGM Conference Center in Las Vegas at 8 pm. This year, our press event will take place in the Grand Ballroom, ...

December 19, 2018
Foxconn's FIT Unit Dials In AI for Electronics Production
Foxconn Interconnect Technology is poised to deliver some yuletide cheer when it comes to holiday gifts. That’s because FIT is rolling out AI-powered inspection systems in its factory lines. FIT has begun deploying AI for automated high-precision ...

December 19, 2018
Smooth Operator: GeForce NOW Recommended Routers Optimize Cloud Gaming Experience
Great moments are born from great opportunity. And when you’re closing in on that elusive Victory Royale, nothing is worse than when your baby brother starts streaming a movie that brings your cloud gaming to a screeching halt. That’s where GeForce ...

December 18, 2018
The Bright Continent: ‘Just Two Laptops and a Lot of Enthusiasm’ — Tales from Africa’s AI Ecosystem
Ignoring his friends’ advice, Karim Beguir left his career five years ago in London as a financial engineer and returned home to Tunisia to found an AI startup. And he hasn’t looked back since. At NeurIPS, the world’s top AI research conference, ...

December 18, 2018
How NVIDIA Virtual GPU Technology Makes Going to the Dentist (and Dental School) Quick and Painless
Dental schools, especially ones that provide services to the public, spend a lot of effort easing pain. Managing the IT infrastructure for their hundreds of students, instructors and administrators should be equally painless. Digital technology is ...

December 17, 2018
Perplexed by Texts: AI Providing Insights into What Messages Really Say
Es Lee’s first efforts to bring emotional intelligence to texting didn’t go quite as planned. He’d helped discern the romantic intent behind some texts a friend had received and figured an algorithm could more objectively detect meanings often lost ...

December 13, 2018
Ridiculously Fast New Processor for Autonomous Machines, Tasty Kebabs Bring Crowd to NVIDIA HQ
AI Robots. Chicken kebabs. Ridiculously fast technology. Ah, the good things in life. At an event that spanned everything from drones that autonomously fly through the air to bots that navigate our sidewalks to the software and semiconductors that ...

January 06, 2019
GeForce RTX at CES 2019: Best for Today’s Games, Ready for New Generation of Games
At CES this evening we launched new GPUs for gamers around the world, revealed new GPUs powering a record number of gaming laptops and extended our G-SYNC line of gaming monitors. We’re also showing new games and demos featuring RTX ray tracing and ...

January 06, 2019
NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2060 Is Here: Next-Gen Gaming Takes Off
Priced at $349, RTX 2060 Delivers Amazing Graphics with Ray Tracing and AI to Tens of Millions PC Gamers; Global Availability Jan. 15
CES -- NVIDIA today announced the NVIDIA® GeForce® RTX 2060, putting revolutionary Turing architecture GPUs within the reach of tens of millions PC gamers worldwide.

January 06, 2019
Live: NVIDIA at CES 2019
It’s big. It’s green. It’s grand. No wonder we’re drawn to it. We’re kicking off a frenzied week at the International CES tradeshow in Las Vegas tonight with a press conference tonight at 8 pm at the MGM Grand on the Vegas strip. We’re expecting a ...

January 04, 2019
How AI Is Helping Address the Rohingya Refugee Healthcare Crisis
More than 700,000 Rohingya refugees have fled Myanmar in the past year, finding temporary shelter across the border in Bangladesh’s Cox’s Bazar district. Their overcrowded, unhygienic living conditions make them especially vulnerable to infections ...

January 04, 2019
Word Up: AI Writes New Chapter for Language Buffs
Who knew AI would become such a wordsmith. But not long ago, Spence Green and John DeNero were perplexed that the latest and greatest natural language processing research wasn’t yet in use by professional translators. The Stanford grads set out to ...

January 03, 2019
Five Short Vids That Tell the Tale of What’s Next for AI
Show, don’t tell. There’s no better way to tell a story as extraordinary as the effect AI has had on the world around us. And our “I Am AI,” docuseries does just that, one extraordinary story at a time. These tales — set everywhere from lush ...

January 03, 2019
Mellanox Technologies Names Doug Ahrens as Chief Financial Officer
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced the...


January 03, 2019
Mellanox to Report Fourth Quarter 2018 Financial Results on January 30, 2019
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that it will...


January 02, 2019
How Deep Learning Is Aiding Preservation of Seneca and Other Endangered Languages
Linguists estimate that at least half of the world’s estimated 7,000 spoken languages will become extinct by the century’s end, due to forces ranging from globalization to cultural assimilation. Part of the challenge of documenting and revitalizing ...

December 27, 2018
The Five Weirdest Episodes of the AI Podcast in 2018
Think of it as a chance to rest your eyes up ahead of the New Year’s Day college football frenzy in front of that new big screen TV. Simple story: our podcast does best when, and where, other media don’t — while listeners are trapped in a commute ...

January 08, 2019
NVIDIA Teams with AutoDesk, RED to Bring 3D Animation, 6K Video Editing to Laptops
Whether you create complex 3D animations or edit high resolution video, you will soon be able to do your best work on the go. This week at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, we’re demonstrating how we’re bringing hardware-accelerated ...

January 07, 2019
NVIDIA Teams Up with Leading HD Mapping Companies to Deliver End-to-End Autopilot Systems for the World’s Major Markets
NVIDIA is showcasing this week at CES its DRIVE Localization — a system that unlocks the restraints to a global, mass-market solution for cars to find themselves on maps. Leveraging the compute power of GPUs and the worldwide reach of NVIDIA DRIVE ...

January 07, 2019
DRIVE Software 8.0 Enables Surround Perception, AR for Safe Automated Driving
DRIVE Software 8.0 — which integrates enhanced perception, visualization and mapping capabilities into one release — makes it easy to see the road ahead for safe self-driving. The newest version of the extensive DRIVE Software suite, announced this ...

January 07, 2019
Introducing NVIDIA DRIVE AutoPilot: AI-Powered System Delivers Safer Vehicles Today, Autonomous Driving Tomorrow
When it comes to creating safer roads, there’s no need to wait for vehicles that can drive themselves. AI has the potential to improve every new car today. At CES 2019 in Las Vegas, NVIDIA introduced DRIVE AutoPilot, a Level 2+ automated driving ...

January 07, 2019
NVIDIA Introduces DRIVE AutoPilot, World’s First Commercially Available Level 2+ Automated Driving System
Continental, ZF Announce L2+ Solutions Based on NVIDIA DRIVE for Production in 2020
CES -- NVIDIA today announced the world’s first commercially available Level 2+ automated driving system, NVIDIA DRIVE™ AutoPilot, which integrates multiple breakthrough...

January 07, 2019
Mellanox 200 Gigabit HDR InfiniBand to Accelerate a World-Leading Supercomputer at the High-Performance Computing Center of the University of Stuttgart (HLRS)
The New 5000-Node, 24 PetaFLOPs Performance Supercomputer Will Advance High-Performance Computing (HPC) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) Research and Development in the Areas of Energy, Climate, Health and More
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that its...


January 06, 2019
'Next Gen Is On' with RTX: NVIDIA Opens CES with Launch of GeForce RTX 2060, 40+ Laptop Models
NVIDIA kicked off CES 2019 on Sunday night by outlining sweeping plans to put to work the radical new graphics technology of real-time ray tracing in gaming and content creation in a dizzying array of laptops and desktops. Speaking to a crowd of ...

January 06, 2019
The Next Big Thing, Literally: BFGDs Ready for Pre-Order
Our G-SYNC displays are going big. Really big. No one’s pickier about displays than gamers. But until now, gamers couldn’t get living-room sized displays that offered the high performance and instant response they demand. In February, G-SYNC HDR ...

January 06, 2019
In Sync at CES: Announcing G-SYNC Compatible Monitors and BFGD Pre-Orders
We’re displaying for keeps at CES this week in Las Vegas with the expansion of the G-SYNC ecosystem, pre-orders of our new BFGD monitors and the announcement of new G-SYNC displays. These announcements build on our ongoing investment in G-SYNC ...

January 06, 2019
NVIDIA GeForce RTX Powers Record Number of New Gaming Laptops
Turing GPUs at Heart of 40+ Models from All Major OEMs, Enabling Fastest, Thinnest, Lightest Systems Ever; Global Availability Jan. 29
CES -- NVIDIA today announced that the world’s top manufacturers are bringing to market a record number of laptops based on its revolutionary Turing GPU architecture — including the fastest, thinnest and lightest systems ever created.

January 15, 2019
This Is Your Office on AI: UiPath’s Robotic Process Automation Software
AI can now help you get a leg up on tedious office work. Just ask Param Kahlon, who is developing teams of bots that can make life easier in the workplace. Kahlon is chief product officer at UiPath, a pioneer in robotic process automation (RPA) ...

January 14, 2019
Cell by Cell: Deep Learning Powers Drug Discovery Effort for Hundreds of Rare Diseases
Cancer, diabetes, heart disease. These diseases attract a ton of research effort and funding, and for good reason: They afflict tens of millions of people each year. But there are about 7,000 known rare diseases that rarely get attention. Also ...

January 11, 2019
Viva Las Vegas! We’re Leaving CES 2019 Laden with Awards
You know you’re leaving Las Vegas on the right note when your suitcases are stuffed with loot. We and our partners got plenty of the shiny stuff this week at the annual International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, winning more than a dozen ...

January 11, 2019
That’s No Mirage: NVIDIA and Partners Make Self-Driving Dreams a Reality in Las Vegas Desert
Road-ready advanced autopilot systems, intelligent cockpits and highly accurate map localization platforms wowed the crowds this week at CES in Las Vegas. At the core of each of these cutting-edge technologies is the high-performance, ...

January 11, 2019
Our Seattle Forecast: Cloudy, with a 100% Chance of Robotics Innovation
Rain, Mount Rainier and, now, robots. The Seattle landscape is getting another feature with the opening of our AI Robotics Research Lab. Leading the facility is Dieter Fox, senior director of robotics research at NVIDIA and professor at the ...

January 11, 2019
How Jason Antic Created ‘De-Oldify,’ a Popular Tool That Makes Old Photos Look New
You don’t need to be an an academic or to work for a big company to get into AI. You can just be a guy with an NVIDIA GeForce 1080 Ti and a generative adversarial network. Jason Antic, who describes himself as “a software guy,” began digging deep ...

January 10, 2019
It’s ON! Putting Next Gen in the Hands of Tens of Millions of Gamers
Gaming is thriving. An entire generation is growing up gaming. Two billion gamers and counting. They play at home, on the go and on multiple platforms, and by far the most vibrant, innovative and open is the PC. The forces driving PC gaming are ...

January 09, 2019
HTC Vive Pro Eye, NVIDIA RTX and ZeroLight Push State of the Art in VR at CES
Whether you’re building a sleek virtual car buying experience or just want to unwind by taking a few swings of the bat, you’ll want to check out the new HTC Vive Pro Eye headset. Demonstrating VR’s enormous potential for professional applications ...

January 08, 2019
They Came, They Gamed, They Went Bonkers: Inside Our CES 2019 Gaming Suite
Seek and you will find. Knock and you will enter. If you know the right people or, rather, if the right people know you, you’ll be ushered into NVIDIA’s black and green bedecked suite at the serene Wynn Hotel, just a few minutes from the chaos of ...

January 08, 2019
Mercedes-Benz, NVIDIA Announce Collaboration to Create New AI Computer Architecture for Mercedes Vehicles
Mercedes-Benz announced today it has selected NVIDIA to help realize its vision for next-generation vehicles. Speaking to a packed crowd at the Mercedes-Benz booth on the first day of CES 2019, Mercedes-Benz Executive Vice President Sajjad Khan and ...

January 29, 2019
Ultimate Performance on Any Device, Anywhere: NVIDIA Quadro Comes to the Cloud
Whether on a workstation, data center server or virtual workspace, NVIDIA Quadro is the preeminent visual computing platform for professional 3D applications. It enables incredible advancements, such as AI-accelerated rendering and real-time, ...

January 29, 2019
Taking Deep Learning to Heart: Startup Using AI to Improve Heart Disease Diagnosis
Cars need smog tests. Bridges need quality inspections. And humans need health screenings, especially for the heart. That’s because heart disease is the leading cause of death worldwide. In the United States alone, it’s responsible for about one in ...

January 28, 2019
NVIDIA Updates Financial Guidance for Fourth Quarter of Fiscal Year 2019
NVIDIA today updated its financial guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019, reflecting weaker than forecasted sales of its Gaming and Datacenter platforms.

January 26, 2019
Bricks of the Trade: Techie Harnesses AI Skills to Sort Son's Legos
Francisco “Paco” Garcia is a dad. And being a dad these days means you have Legos. Way too many Legos. But Paco’s no ordinary dad. This is a dad with a GPU, a GPU he put to use doing what every dad dreams of doing: sorting those Legos out once and ...

January 24, 2019
New Tech for Old Texts: How Deep Learning Deciphers Historical Documents
Deep learning researchers are hitting the books. By building AI tools to transcribe historical texts in antiquated scripts letter by letter, they’re creating an invaluable resource for researchers who study centuries-old documents. Many old ...

January 23, 2019
NVIDIA Tesla T4 Powers Next Generation of Virtual Workstations
The NVIDIA Tesla T4 GPU now supports virtualized workloads with NVIDIA virtual GPU (vGPU) software. The software, including NVIDIA GRID Virtual PC (GRID vPC) and NVIDIA Quadro Virtual Data Center Workstation (Quadro vDWS), provides virtual machines ...

January 22, 2019
CSC, the Finnish IT Center for Science, and the Finnish Meteorological Institute Select 200 Gigabit HDR InfiniBand to Accelerate Multi-Phase Supercomputer Program
The Multi-phase supercomputer system program will enhance High Performance Computing (HPC) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) research, providing 5x higher performance capacity for Finnish scientists and researchers
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that its...


January 21, 2019
Fireflies: This Call Is Being Monitored — by AI — for Quality Assurance
Krish Ramineni and Sam Udotong are quintessential Silicon Valley: They breath code, bond over hackathons and one thrives on Soylent. Their product’s hockey-stick growth curve isn’t: In atypical fashion, it happened simply by word of mouth rather ...

January 17, 2019
Seeing the Wood for the Trees: Using AI for Smarter Forest Management
Nearly 19 million acres of forests are destroyed annually, equal to 27 football pitches a minute. Forests serve as homes for thousands of animals, and for many people they’re a source of food, water, clothing, medicine and shelter. The so-called ...

January 16, 2019
How Neural Networks Can Read Thoughts and Restore Movement to Paralyzed Limbs
While diving into the Atlantic Ocean off the shores of North Carolina with his friends in 2010, Ian Burkhart, then a college student, sustained a devastating spinal cord injury that left him paralyzed from the chest down. But with a brain-computer ...

February 05, 2019
Lights, Camera, Quadro! The Magic Behind 11 Years of Oscar-Worthy Visual Effects
The Oscar nominations are in — and, for the 11th year in a row, NVIDIA Quadro GPUs are behind every movie nominated for Best Visual Effects. The five VFX contenders for the 91st annual Academy Awards, set for Sunday, Feb. 24, are: Avengers: Infinity ...

February 05, 2019
Maximum Security Vision: Securing the Future of Safe Autonomous Driving
Software defines what moves us. From mobility apps and real-time maps to increasingly automated vehicles, lines of code have become fundamental to the world of transportation. As this software becomes more complex, there’s a greater chance for human ...

February 04, 2019
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang to Keynote World’s Premier AI Conference
Up to 10,000 Expected to Register for GTC, March 17-21 in Silicon Valley
NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang will deliver the opening keynote address at the 10th annual GPU Technology Conference, being held March 17-21, in San Jose, Calif.

February 03, 2019
NVIDIA Responds to TRC Capital’s ‘Mini-Tender’ Offer
NVIDIA has received notice of an unsolicited “mini-tender” offer by TRC Capital Corporation (TRC) dated Jan. 21, 2019, to purchase up to 1,000,000 shares of...

February 01, 2019
So You Think AI Can Dance: Watch This Japanese Dance Troupe Collaborate with AI on Stage
AI has shown off a broad repertoire of creative talents in recent years — composing music, writing stories, crafting meme captions. Now, the stage is set for AI models to take on a new venture in the performing arts — by stepping onto the dance ...

January 31, 2019
We Oughta Be in Pictures: NVIDIANs Honored with Academy Awards for Achievements in Filmmaking
NVIDIA GPUs have been behind every Academy Award-nominated film for Best Visual Effects for 10 years running. But it’s not just our technology that’s been powering a decade’s worth of award-winning work — our people are taking home Oscars, too. The ...

January 31, 2019
GeForce RTX Laptops Now Available Everywhere, Reviewers Rave
They’re lighter. They’re faster. And, in the words of one reviewer, they offer “a smorgasbord of awesome.” The new RTX laptops are here — more than 40 of them — and so are rave reviews. We announced recently at CES that the world’s top manufacturers ...

January 30, 2019
Mellanox Delivers Record Fourth Quarter and Annual 2018 Results, Exceeded $1 Billion in Annual Revenue in 2018
Achieved Annual Revenue Growth of 26% While Maintaining Flat Operating Expenses Year-Over-Year
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced preliminary...


January 30, 2019
Get DGX-Ready: New NVIDIA Program Allows Customers to Deploy AI with Ease
We’re making deploying state-of-the-art AI data centers easier than ever with our new NVIDIA DGX-Ready Data Center program and the help of a growing lineup of NVIDIA partners. Accelerated computing powered by NVIDIA DGX systems is taking off. ...

January 30, 2019
Luxembourg Government Signs Europe’s First National AI Collaboration with NVIDIA
With an area of just over 2,500 square kilometres and a total population about one-tenth the size of Madrid, Luxembourg is one of the smallest countries in Europe. However, when it comes to advances in AI, Luxembourg is going big. The country’s ...

February 14, 2019
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2019
NVIDIA today reported revenue for the fourth quarter ended Jan. 27, 2019, of $2.21 billion, down 24 percent from $2.91 billion a year earlier, and down 31 percent from $3.18 billion in the previous quarter.

February 13, 2019
Real-Time Ray Tracing and DLSS Come to Battlefield V and Metro Exodus
Two of the most storied PC gaming franchises are shipping this week with NVIDIA RTX technology, which uses AI and real-time ray tracing to deliver deeply immersive gameplay and powerful performance. Battlefield V and Metro Exodus incorporate support ...

February 11, 2019
No Slowing Down: How TITAN RTX Brings High-Quality Images to Gameplay Design
Creating a video game with realistic graphics and smooth gameplay can be an extraordinary challenge. But with the NVIDIA TITAN RTX, one designer is taking cinematic visuals and player experiences to the next level. Käy Vriend is the co-owner of ...

February 11, 2019
AI Hotline: Startup Analyzes Emergency Calls to Identify Cardiac Arrest Victims
“911. What’s your emergency?” Denmark-based startup Corti knows that the stakes are high when dialing emergency services. So it built an AI tool to provide immediate feedback and guidance to emergency call responders, helping them ask the right ...

February 10, 2019
Step Up to a New Design Experience with NVIDIA Quadro RTX Powered Workstations
Working with photorealistic computer-aided design models in real time and 3D is a huge benefit for design teams. They can create, iterate and review designs faster, make better-informed decisions and save money in the process. Yet it’s a benefit ...

February 08, 2019
How UCSF Researchers Are Using AI on Some of Healthcare’s Toughest Problems
Hospitals produce huge volumes of medical data that, when handled with concern for privacy and security, could be used to re-examine everything from hospital administration to patient care. But this means finding careful ways to assemble this data, ...

February 08, 2019
Pop Star: At NVIDIA, Popcorn Delivery Robot Bears Kernel Innovation
At NVIDIA, the robots are being taught to weave their way through the workplace. It helps that, as Ankhit, an NVIDIA Linux systems administrator discovered, they come bearing popcorn. Moments after placing an order, via Slack, a stubby, wheeled ...

February 07, 2019
What Is Transfer Learning?
You probably have a career. But hit the books for a graduate degree or take online certificate courses by night, and you could start a new career building on your past experience. Transfer learning is the same idea. This deep learning technique ...

February 06, 2019
Leveling Up: What Is Level 2 Automated Driving?
The Society of Automotive Engineers has designated six categories of autonomous driving, ranging from Level 0 to Level 5. However, the ongoing development of self-driving cars has produced advanced technologies that can improve vehicle safety now, ...

February 06, 2019
Munich Startup Uses AI to Take Medical Imaging to Another Dimension
Medical imaging provides a window into the human body, allowing us to see under the skin. But to really understand what’s going on inside our bodies, doctors need 3D imagery. And there’s no time this would be more helpful than during surgery. Now, ...

February 25, 2019
HDR 200G InfiniBand Sets New Performance Records, Accelerating Multiple High-Performance Computing and Artificial Intelligence Platforms Around the World
More Than Twenty of the World's Largest, High-Speed, Smart Modular Switch Systems Are Being Delivered to Leading Data Centers in The First Quarter of 2019, Demonstrating the Growing Demand for 200G InfiniBand Across Many Application Domains
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that its...


February 22, 2019
New GeForce GTX 1660 Ti Delivers Great Performance Leap for Every Gamer, Starting at $279
Powered by 12th-Gen Turing Architecture, GTX 1660 Ti up to 3x Faster Than GTX 960, 1.5x Than GTX 1060; Available Today
NVIDIA today introduced the GeForce® GTX® 1660 Ti, a new gaming GPU that delivers a big step up in performance and power efficiency for today’s most popular games. It is available now worldwide starting at $279.

February 20, 2019
Make Room for Robots at GTC 2019
AI will take center stage at the 10th annual GPU Technology Conference, a multi-day deep dive into the present and future of AI-powered autonomous machines. GTC is the best place to get an inside look at how robots are transforming virtually every ...

February 20, 2019
AI in the Sky: Startup Uses Satellite Imagery to Assess Hurricane, Fire Damage
Technology can’t stop a hurricane in its tracks — but it can make it easier to rebuild in the wake of one. Following a natural disaster, responders rush to provide aid and restore infrastructure, relying on limited information to make critical ...

February 19, 2019
Talk to Me: Deep Learning Identifies Depression in Speech Patterns
“Talk therapy” is often used by psychotherapists to help patients overcome depression or anxiety through conversation. A research team at Massachusetts Institute of Technology is using deep learning to uncover what might be called “talk diagnosis” — ...

February 19, 2019
Reading the Vital Signs: Leading Minds in Medicine to Discuss AI Progress in Healthcare
The buzz around AI in medicine is contagious. From radiology and drug discovery to disease risk prediction and patient care, deep learning is transforming healthcare from every angle. You can learn about it all at the GPU Technology Conference, ...

February 15, 2019
Get a Nuance Look at AI in Healthcare in the AI Podcast and at GTC
Nuance is a pioneer in voice recognition technology. You probably recognize its name from their work bringing AI to speech recognition and virtual assistant technology. What you might not know is they’ve also gotten into using AI to chart the course ...

February 15, 2019
GPU Powered: 7 Startups You Won’t Want to Miss at GTC
Cargo ships that can self-navigate. A massive marketplace for AI-authenticated collectible sneakers. Professional translation at 5x speed. These are just some of the hot businesses presenting at our GPU Technology Conference next month. Seven NVIDIA ...

February 15, 2019
Mood Lighting: How Metro Exodus Uses Ray Tracing to Heart-Pounding Effect
The Star Wars-themed “Reflections” demo is so visually stunning, it’s natural to assume it’s a film clip. I felt that way the first time I saw this real-time ray-tracing showcase, at GDC 2018, and so have the hundreds of people I’ve shown it to ...

February 15, 2019
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Event for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following event for the financial community: Morgan Stanley Technology Conference Tuesday, Feb. 26, at 8 a.m. Pacific time ...

March 04, 2019
How AI Is Changing Medical Imaging
From images of cats to handwritten numbers, neural networks have been used for years to process visual data. Deep learning models can identify features in images, enhance image quality, and spot outliers and abnormalities. These same abilities are ...

March 04, 2019
Mellanox Propels JD Cloud to New Levels of Performance and Efficiency
E-Commerce Giant's Cloud Computing Platform Leverages ConnectX 25G Ethernet NIC Advanced Offloads to Support More Customers in their Data Center
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that JD Cloud,...


March 01, 2019
Startup Aids Visually Impaired with Guided Service Powered by AI
The camera can capture video of what the user is facing, and Aira’s AI assistant, Chloe, can help identify images, such as a box of cereal at the grocery store or labels and words on prescription medication bottles. The post Startup Aids Visually ...

February 28, 2019
Deep Learning Shakes Up Seismology with Quake Early Warning System
Most people can’t detect an earthquake until the ground under their feet is already shaking or sliding, leaving little time to prepare or take shelter. Scientists are trying to short circuit that surprise using the critical time window during the ...

February 27, 2019
Clean Machines: Startup’s Bots Sweep Up Corporate Campuses
Gregg Ratanaphanyarat and Dawei Ding joined the ranks of college dropouts in 2016, leaving Penn State to launch a robotics startup for outdoor cleaning. Today that gamble appears to be paying off. The duo’s startup, ViaBot, is completing a pilot ...

February 27, 2019
Playing Footsie with AI: GOAT Helps Sneakerheads Cop Authentic Kicks
Some may say that boots are made for walking, but they’ve clearly never worn Jordan 1s. GOAT Group helps sneaker enthusiasts get their hands on authentic Air Jordans, Yeezys and a variety of old-school kicks with the help of AI. These sneakers are ...

February 26, 2019
GTC Shines Light on Business Success with AI
Adopting AI within an enterprise isn’t always obvious or easy. Businesses need to consider the problems they want to solve, whether they have data of the right kind and quality, which deep learning models to use, how to build the right teams to ...

February 26, 2019
GTC 2019 Sets the Pace for Self-Driving Innovation
With the development of autonomous driving technology moving at the speed of light, it can be hard to stay current on what’s at the cutting edge. But at the GPU Technology Conference, you’ll find the latest in AI technology at every turn, making it ...

February 25, 2019
AI My Ride: Startup Revs Up Vehicle Videos to Spot Potholes
Christoph Mertz wants to fix your bumpy ride. His solution — using AI to detect potholes — came as a lightbulb moment inspired by working on autonomous vehicle projects at Carnegie Mellon University. Mertz is now the chief scientist at RoadBotics, ...

February 25, 2019
AI Leaders Amazon, Dell, Google, IBM, Microsoft Among Thousands Gathering for GTC
Amazon, Dell, Google, IBM and Microsoft will join leaders from across business, technology and academia at next month’s GPU Technology Conference. The conference brings thousands of developers and business leaders to Silicon Valley the week of March ...

March 14, 2019
NVIDIA Turing Now Starts at $219
NVIDIA today launched worldwide the GeForce GTX 1660, which joins the GeForce GTX 1660 Ti to supercharge the latest, most popular games. The Turing-powered GeForce GTX 1660 Ti, introduced last month, has already won wide acclaim, with Trusted ...

March 13, 2019
How Dell EMC and NVIDIA Are Simplifying the AI Enterprise Data Center
Many organizations have begun to infuse AI into their products, services and supply chains, but IT departments need to scale these efforts in a systematic way. The newest DGX reference architecture — the Dell EMC Isilon with NVIDIA DGX-1 — is an ...

March 12, 2019
Mellanox Introduces Breakthrough NVMe SNAP Technology to Simplify Composable Storage
BlueField SmartNIC Virtualizes Storage for any Application or Operating System to Accelerate Cloud
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd., a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced NVMe SNAP...


March 12, 2019
Visualize Risk: Startup Provides Bird’s-Eye View of Properties for Underwriters
Cape Analytics applies image classification algorithms to geospatial imagery to identify real estate attributes for insurers. The post Visualize Risk: Startup Provides Bird’s-Eye View of Properties for Underwriters appeared first on The Official ...

March 11, 2019
Under the Dome: Childish Gambino’s Pharos Festival Dazzles with Interactive Visuals
Imagine watching your favorite artist perform and then noticing the crowd isn’t the only thing dancing with the music — the concert backdrop is too. That’s exactly what attendees experienced at the Pharos festival, a three-day music event that ...

March 11, 2019
NVIDIA to Acquire Mellanox for $6.9 Billion
NVIDIA and Mellanox today announced that the companies have reached a definitive agreement under which NVIDIA will acquire Mellanox.

March 07, 2019
What Is a Battle Royale? Why a New Generation of Gamers Prize GPUs
PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds. Fortnite. Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 – Blackout. Apex Legends. If you’re a gamer, you spend some of your best moments immersed in these worlds. If you’re not, you may not see the common denominator: they’re a new breed ...

March 05, 2019
Shifting Ground: AI Analyzes Volcanoes for Signs of Eruption
Seattle, Naples and Tokyo are separated by thousands of miles, but they share a common neighbor: potentially devastating volcanoes. Around the world, about 800 million people live within 100 kilometers of a volcano, posing a threat to lives and ...

March 05, 2019
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Event for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following event for the financial community: NVIDIA Annual Investor Day; Tuesday, March 19, at 8:30 a.m. Pacific time; San Jose, ...

March 05, 2019
Mellanox Showcases Live System Demonstrations of LinkX™ 200G & 400G Cables & Transceivers at OFC 2019
Delivering 200G in Volume and Readying 400G for Next Generation Networks On Display a Full Line of 100G, 200G and 400G DAC and AOC Cables and Transceivers
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of optical transceivers and high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems,...


March 18, 2019
NVIDIA RTX Server Lineup Expands to Meet Growing Demand for Data Center and Cloud Graphics Applications
From Hollywood studios under pressure to create amazing content faster than ever, to the emerging demand for 5G-enabled cloud gaming and VR streaming — the need for computational horsepower has never been greater. Previously, running servers ...

March 18, 2019
GeForce NOW: The Cloud Gaming Service for PC Gamers
Two hundred million PC gamers can’t be wrong. They already know GeForce powers the best in keyboard and mouse gaming. GeForce NOW is no exception, bringing everything that PC gamers love into tomorrow’s cloud gaming world. With a simple, ...

March 18, 2019
NVIDIA, Microsoft, Epic Games, Unity and Leading Developers Kick-Start Next-Gen Gaming at GDC 2019
Real-Time Ray Tracing Integrated into Unreal Engine, Unity and Top 1st-Party AAA Game Engines
NVIDIA today announced several developments that reinforce NVIDIA® GeForce® GPUs as the core platform that allows game developers to add real-time ray tracing effects to games.

March 18, 2019
NVIDIA Unveils Omniverse — Open, Interactive 3D Design Collaboration Platform for Multi-Tool Workflows
NVIDIA today introduced Omniverse, an open collaboration platform to simplify studio workflows for real-time graphics. Omniverse includes portals — two-way tunnels — that maintain live connections between industry-standard applications such as ...

March 18, 2019
NVIDIA, Image Engine and Autodesk Showcase RTX Server Using Assets from Lost in Space
Using real-world assets from Netflix’s award-winning show Lost in Space, NVIDIA this week at GTC is showcasing the flexibility and impressive rendering speed of NVIDIA RTX Server and Quadro Virtual Data Center Workstation (Quadro vDWS). In ...

March 18, 2019
NVIDIA RTX Ray Tracing-Accelerated Applications Available to Millions of 3D Artists and Designers This Year
Top Design and Rendering Tools from Adobe, Autodesk, Dassault Systèmes, Epic, Unity and More to Feature NVIDIA RTX in 2019 Product Releases
NVIDIA today announced that the world’s top 3D application providers — makers of the most important tools for design and content creation — have adopted NVIDIA RTX™ ray-tracing technology in their upcoming product releases.

March 18, 2019
NVIDIA Announces CUDA-X AI SDK for GPU-Accelerated Data Science
Data scientists working in data analytics, machine learning and deep learning will get a massive speed boost with NVIDIA’s new CUDA-X AI libraries. Unlocking the flexibility of Tensor Core GPUs, CUDA-X accelerates: … data science from ingest of ...

March 15, 2019
How to Watch NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang’s Keynote Monday at GTC
Kicking off a frenzied week of innovation, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang will deliver on Monday the opening keynote address at the 10th annual GPU Technology Conference (GTC) in Silicon Valley. Huang, speaking at the San Jose State University ...

March 14, 2019
Blue Hexagon AI Swats Down AI Cyberattacks in Blink of Eye
Cybersecurity firms battling hackers are now in a game of AI vs AI. Cyberattacks are coming at a blinding pace: at least four new malware variants are created each second, according to security researchers. Hundreds of millions of people use ...

March 14, 2019
NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute Announces New Courses in Data Science and Autonomous Machines
A lack of appropriate skills is one of the biggest barriers organizations face in adopting AI, according to a study by McKinsey. To address this gap, the NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute is launching new courses — both instructor-led and self-paced ...

March 18, 2019
NVIDIA Accelerates Robotic Development from Cloud to Edge with AWS RoboMaker
The NVIDIA Jetson AI computer platform now supports Amazon Web Services AWS RoboMaker. Robotic simulation and development can now be easily done in the cloud and deployed across millions of robots and other autonomous machines powered by Jetson. ...

March 18, 2019
NVIDIA T4 GPUs Coming to Amazon Web Services
Amazon Web Services today announced that its new Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) G4 instances featuring NVIDIA T4 Tensor Core GPUs will be available in the coming weeks. The new G4 instances will provide AWS customers with a versatile platform to ...

March 18, 2019
Clara AI Lets Every Radiologist Teach Their Own AI
AI is ready to unlock massive potential in hospital systems, especially in one of the areas where deep learning holds the most promise: medical imaging. That’s why NVIDIA introduced Clara AI, a toolkit that includes 13 state-of-the-art ...

March 18, 2019
Global Computer Companies Announce NVIDIA-Powered Enterprise Servers Optimized for Data Science
Cisco, Dell EMC, Fujitsu, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Inspur, Lenovo and Sugon Offer NVIDIA T4 Servers Architected to Run CUDA-X AI Accelerated Data Analytics, Machine Learning and Deep Learning
Cisco, Dell EMC, Fujitsu, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Inspur, Lenovo and Sugon Offer NVIDIA T4 Servers Architected to Run CUDA-X AI Accelerated Data Analytics, Machine Learning and Deep ...

March 18, 2019
Slide into the Latest Deep Learning Research in the NVIDIA AI Playground
If you’ve ever wanted to dig into the latest in deep learning research, now’s your chance. NVIDIA has launched AI Playground, an online space where anyone can experience our research demos firsthand. “Research papers have new ideas in them and are ...

March 18, 2019
Stroke of Genius: GauGAN Turns Doodles into Stunning, Photorealistic Landscapes
A novice painter might set brush to canvas aiming to create a stunning sunset landscape — craggy, snow-covered peaks reflected in a glassy lake — only to end up with something that looks more like a multi-colored inkblot. But a deep learning model ...

March 18, 2019
NVIDIA Introduces New Breed of High-Performance Workstations for Millions of Data Scientists
Global System Builders Led by HP, Dell, Lenovo Unveil Workstations Integrating NVIDIA Quadro RTX GPUs and NVIDIA CUDA-X AI for Massive Productivity Boost
GPU Technology Conference -- NVIDIA has teamed with the world’s leading OEMs and system builders to deliver powerful new workstations designed to help millions of data scientists, analysts and engineers make better business predictions faster and ...

March 18, 2019
Quadro Virtual Workstation Streams from NVIDIA RTX Server
Designers, artists and engineers can now access NVIDIA RTX Server — the most efficient, comprehensive rendering offering on the market — from anywhere, on any device. NVIDIA RTX Server, a reference architecture for highly configurable, on-demand ...

March 18, 2019
NVIDIA Expands NGC Software Hub with Tools for Data Scientists to Build Optimized Solutions Faster
Whether advancing science, building self-driving cars or gathering business insight from mountains of data, data scientists, researchers and developers need powerful GPU compute. They also need the right software tools. AI is complex and building ...

March 18, 2019
NVIDIA CUDA-X AI Acceleration Libraries Speed Up Machine Learning in the Cloud by 20x; Available Now on Microsoft Azure
Data scientists can now accelerate their machine learning projects by up to 20x using NVIDIA CUDA-X AI, NVIDIA’s data science acceleration libraries, on Microsoft Azure. With just a few clicks, businesses of all sizes can accelerate their data ...

March 18, 2019
Seeking More ROI for AI? Data Center Leaders Deliver with NVIDIA DGX POD
Most data centers weren’t designed with the explosive growth and unique demands of AI in mind. But NVIDIA DGX POD offers a blueprint for every data center architect who wants to optimize their compute, storage and network infrastructure to meet the ...

March 18, 2019
Accelerating Startups: How NVIDIA and Amazon Web Services Are Helping AI Startups Grow Faster
NVIDIA is partnering with Amazon Web Services to provide leading-edge infrastructure to startups so they can innovate and grow. Our new collaboration gives some of the industry’s hottest, most innovative AI startups access to advanced technology, ...

March 18, 2019
NVIDIA and Toyota Research Institute-Advanced Development Partner to Create Safer Autonomous Transportation
Collaboration to Accelerate Use of Autonomous Vehicles and AI Technologies Expands to New Testing and Validation System
GPU Technology Conference﻿--Toyota Research Institute-Advanced Development (TRI-AD) and NVIDIA today announced a new collaboration to develop, train and...

March 18, 2019
The Test Fleet of the Future Is Virtual: DRIVE Constellation Now Available
NVIDIA DRIVE Constellation is bringing autonomous vehicle test fleets to the cloud. At the GPU Technology Conference, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang announced that the NVIDIA DRIVE Constellation simulation platform is now available. Toyota’s ...

March 18, 2019
NVIDIA DRIVE Constellation Now Available — Virtual Proving Ground for Validating Autonomous Vehicles
Open, Scalable Simulation Platform Enables Large Virtual Fleets of Self-Driving Cars
SAN JOSE, Calif., March 18, 2019 GPU Technology Conference -- NVIDIA today announced the NVIDIA DRIVE Constellation™ autonomous vehicle simulation platform is now available. The cloud-based...

March 18, 2019
NVIDIA Introduces DRIVE AV Safety Force Field: Computational Defensive Driving Policy to Shield Autonomous Vehicles from Collisions
Mathematically Rigorous and Validated in Simulation, Safety Driving Decision Algorithms Protect Against Unpredictability of Real-World Traffic
GPU Technology Conference—NVIDIA today bolstered its NVIDIA DRIVE™ AV autonomous vehicle software suite with a planning and control layer designed to enable a...

March 18, 2019
NVIDIA Announces DRIVE AP2X – World’s Most Complete Level 2+ Autonomous Vehicle Platform
Today at the GPU Technology Conference, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang announced NVIDIA DRIVE AP2X — a complete Level 2+ automated driving solution encompassing DRIVE AutoPilot software, DRIVE AGX and DRIVE validation tools. DRIVE AP2X ...

March 18, 2019
NVIDIA and Microsoft Create Edge-to-Cloud Real-Time Streaming Video Analytics Solution
It’s a huge challenge extracting actionable insights from the sea of data created by the world’s billions of cameras and sensors. Bringing all this raw data to the cloud is inefficient because of bandwidth, cost and latency limitations. So NVIDIA ...

March 18, 2019
Revving Robotics: NVIDIA Isaac SDK Brings Modern AI to Autonomous Machines
Robotics developers are off to the races creating autonomous machines of the future. We’re fueling their efforts with the NVIDIA Isaac SDK, which will be publicly available soon as a free robotics developer toolbox for accelerating innovation and ...

March 18, 2019
NVIDIA Announces Jetson Nano: $99 Tiny, Yet Mighty NVIDIA CUDA-X AI Computer That Runs All AI Models
GPU Technology Conference—NVIDIA today announced the Jetson Nano™, an AI computer that makes it possible to create millions of intelligent systems. The small ...

March 20, 2019
New Ability to Update HD Maps Lets DRIVE Mapping Chart Safer Course for Autonomous Driving
Sensors and onboard computers help self-driving cars see, plan and act. With NVIDIA DRIVE Mapping software, they can also make sure vehicles stay on the right path. DRIVE Mapping allows vehicles to navigate anywhere in the world. It uses maps from ...

March 20, 2019
Eyes in the Sky: Giving Drones the Ability to Avoid Collisions
Navigating busy traffic can be a challenge for even the best driver. Now imagine navigating skies packed with fast-moving planes, helicopters and drones that can move in any direction. Pathfinder Systems has harnessed the NVIDIA Jetson TX2 module to ...

March 20, 2019
‘Not the Only One’: Women@GTC Talk Innovation, Social Impact, Diversity in AI
A full day steeped in deep learning training isn’t everyone’s ideal Sunday. But for 50 women working in healthcare, space research, agriculture and media, it was an opportunity to participate in NVIDIA’s first Women’s Early Career Accelerator ...

March 20, 2019
Stormy Weather: Weathernews Using AI to Build Better Way to Forecast Rain
Tomohiro Ishibashi loves the weather in Silicon Valley. The problem, he explained with a smile as he opened his talk at the GPU Technology Conference Tuesday, is the Golden State’s mild climate makes it a terrible place to build a better way to ...

March 19, 2019
Global Telcos Join NVIDIA GeForce NOW Alliance to Deploy Cloud Gaming to New Territories
Advances in broadband and 5G mobile networks offer opportunities to deliver high-quality, low-latency PC gaming to nearly any device from the cloud, eliminating the need for client downloads, frequent updates and lower quality mobile versions. Newly ...

March 19, 2019
How an Early Bet on Digital Enables a Healthcare Network’s Suite of AI Applications
Few predicted in the mid-’90s that the deep learning revolution was coming. But Geisinger, a healthcare system serving people across Pennsylvania and New Jersey, made an early bet on digital health records. And that gave it a major advantage when ...

March 19, 2019
Driving Drivetrains: Musashi Seimitsu Mobilizes AI Manufacturing
A robot arm glides to scoop up high-precision automotive gears from a glowing cube used for inspections as a nearby autonomous guided vehicle carts heavy parts across the manufacturing floor, yielding to an employee. It’s a glimpse at the future at ...

March 18, 2019
Mellanox HDR 200G InfiniBand Deep Learning Acceleration Engines Demonstrates Two Times Higher Performance for Artificial Intelligence (AI) Platforms with NVIDIA
Mellanox In-Network Computing "Hierarchical Aggregation and Reduction Protocol" (SHARP)â„¢ Technology in Combination with NVIDIA Collective Communications Library (NCCL) Delivers Performance Breakthrough to AI
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd., a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that its...


March 18, 2019
GTC 2019: Huang Kicks Off GTC, Focuses on NVIDIA Datacenter Momentum, Blue Chip Partners
NVIDIA’s message was unmistakable as it kicked off the 10th annual GPU Technology Conference: it’s doubling-down on the datacenter. Founder and CEO Jensen Huang delivered a sweeping opening keynote at San Jose State University, describing the ...

March 18, 2019
NVIDIA Teams with Amazon Web Services to Bring AI to Millions of Connected Devices
AWS IoT Greengrass Enables NVIDIA Jetson to Seamlessly Deploy AI for Edge Devices
GPU Technology Conference—NVIDIA today announced a collaboration with Amazon Web Services IoT on NVIDIA® Jetson™ to enable customers to deploy AI and deep learning to millions of connected devices.

March 21, 2019
Snack Shacks: Startup Shows Off Self-Service Stores
A credit card swipe gets you into the checkout-free miniature convenience store. After that, just grab Oreos, Pringles or other munchies, check your receipt and go. Startup AiFi presented its automated retail store, dubbed the NanoStore, at the GPU ...

March 21, 2019
Error Parer: How AI Could Help Cardiologists Detect Heart Defects Without Skipping a Beat
Nearly a third of physicians will be sued at least once in their careers — most commonly for an error in diagnosis. Medical errors are also the third-leading cause of death in the United States, according to a study by Johns Hopkins Medicine. Deep ...

March 21, 2019
Shift Happens: Virtual Ride and DRIVE Gears Up GTC Attendees
The AI car of tomorrow opened its doors for a virtual spin this week at the NVIDIA GPU Technology Conference. The DRIVE AutoPilot simulator experience on the GTC show floor combines the latest NVIDIA DRIVE technologies — DRIVE AP2X, DRIVE ...

March 21, 2019
Seeing Stars: Astronomers Turn to AI to Track Galaxies as New Telescopes Come Online
Good news: astronomers are getting new tools to let them see further, better than ever before. The bad news: they’ll soon be getting more data than humans can handle. To turn the vast quantities of data that will soon be pouring out of these ...

March 20, 2019
Home Helper: Startup’s Robot Can Tidy Up a Messy House
The robot rolls up to a towel, drops an arm to grasp it and then scoots along to release it in a laundry bin. It zips up to pens scattered across the floor to grab and then place them into a box. Take a break, Roomba. Preferred Networks has been ...

March 20, 2019
AI and Clinicians a ‘Winning Combination,’ Healthcare Luminary Eric Topol Says at GTC
Deep learning is putting the “care” back in healthcare. “It used to be we just talked about deep sequencing. Now we talk about deep everything in medicine,” healthcare luminary Eric Topol told a packed audience Tuesday morning at the 10th annual GPU ...

March 20, 2019
Riding Shotgun in Cockpit of the Future, at GTC 2019
One day, controlling a vehicle won’t take more than a word and a glance. At the GPU Technology Conference this week, our partners are showing how NVIDIA DRIVE IX can enhance the driver’s situational awareness, assist in driving functions and provide ...

March 20, 2019
‘Troll,’ Epic’s Stunning RTX-powered Ray-Tracing Demo, Wows GDC
Jaw-dropping graphics might not be the first thing you think of when talking about trolls — until now. A visually stunning ray-tracing demo using Unreal Engine 4.22 and powered by a single GeForce RTX 2080 Ti — “Troll,” from Goodbye Kansas and Deep ...

March 20, 2019
More Creating, Less Waiting: NVIDIA RTX GPUs and Creator Ready Drivers Supercharge Creative Apps
NVIDIA RTX GPUs have given video editors, 3D animators, broadcasters, graphic designers and photographers around the world a major boost in productivity with hardware-accelerated ray tracing, AI-enhanced creative workflows and advanced video ...

March 20, 2019
Heart of the Matter: How AI Can Create Personalized Prosthetic Heart Valves
Heart-valve replacements can restore normal blood flow for patients with aortic valvular disease — but only when the prosthesis is a good fit. A drawback of prosthetic heart valves is that they’re manufactured in fixed sizes. “The cardiac surgeon ...

March 27, 2019
How AI, Machine Learning Are Advancing Academic Research
Insulin. The polio vaccine. The periodic table of elements. Countless discoveries across every field of research have their origins in academia. Universities and research institutes around the world are key drivers of discovery and innovation, with ...

March 27, 2019
Israel’s AI Ecosystem Comes Together to Toast NVIDIA’s Proposed Mellanox Acquisition
More than 400 CEOs, entrepreneurs, VCs and other members of Israel’s booming AI ecosystem crammed Tuesday night into one of Tel Aviv’s hottest night venues to mark the announcement of a deal by NVIDIA to acquire Mellanox, the nation’s second-largest ...

March 26, 2019
Finger on the Pulse: GTC Spotlights Startups Propelling AI in Healthcare
It can be hard to stay healthy in a convention center filled with thousands of people — unless, of course, you’re at the GPU Technology Conference, where healthcare players big and small are showcasing the latest innovations in AI and medicine. GTC ...

March 26, 2019
Ssssnake News: AI-Powered Guardian S Industrial Robot Slithers into Silicon Valley
The GPU Technology Conference show floor squirmed with excitement this week, with eyeballs riveted on a demo from Sarcos, maker of a snake-like industrial robot. The Salt Lake City-based company’s Jetson TX2-powered bot can tunnel into ducts and ...

March 26, 2019
JetBot, a $250 DIY Autonomous Robot Based on Jetson Nano Impresses at GTC
Even at a conference packed with sophisticated autonomous machines that walk, drive, fly and even slither, on their own, the $250 JetBot was a standout. Based on the Jetson Nano, the small but mighty $99 AI computer introduced by NVIDIA CEO Jensen ...

March 25, 2019
NVIDIA CEO Underscores Commitment to Invest in Mellanox Business
NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang today underscored his commitment to invest in Mellanox, the Israel-based high performance computing company that NVIDIA agreed to buy earlier this month for $6.9 billion. In his first appearance in Israel since ...

March 25, 2019
UK Government Aims to Tackle Insurance Fraud with AI
A bodybuilder, a cyclist and a student. They didn’t walk into a bar. But they did raise some hair-raising fraudulent insurance claims. In 2017, a cyclist claimed £135,000 compensation after he falsely stated that he fell off his bike following a ...

March 22, 2019
AI in the Fast Lane: Automotive Tech Accelerates at GTC 2019
From start to finish, this week’s GPU Technology Conference was buzzing with automotive innovation. Sleek vehicles greeted attendees at the front door of the San Jose Convention Center. Autonomous vehicles lined up for potential future passengers ...

March 22, 2019
Betting on Monte Carlo: GPUs a ‘Game Changer’ for Nuking Noise in Nuclear Imaging
Andras Wirth is like many early AI researchers: His deep learning ambitions only turned into reality because of a sea change in technology. A physicist, Wirth wanted to run Monte Carlo algorithms to make leaping advances in nuclear imaging, which ...

March 22, 2019
Catching Some Rays at GDC: Ray Tracing a Breakout Hit at World’s Biggest Game Developers Event
From all the announcements, demos and technology showcases on the show floor this week at the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco, one thing is clear: ray tracing was the hit of the show. From integration into the world’s biggest game ...

April 08, 2019
NVIDIA and American College of Radiology AI-LAB Team to Accelerate Adoption of AI in Diagnostic Radiology Across Thousands of Hospitals
NVIDIA Clara AI Toolkit Enables New ACR AI-LAB, Giving 38,000+ ACR Members and Other Radiology Professionals Ability to Develop and Deploy AI at Their Own Institutions
World Medical Innovation Forum — NVIDIA and the American College of Radiology today announced a collaboration to enable thousands of radiologists nationwide to create and...

April 05, 2019
NVIDIA RTX Powers Game-Changing Workflows at NAB
The broadcast industry is going through the most significant technological transformation in its history. The number of over-the-top streaming services (think Netflix and Hulu) is rapidly growing. Broadcasters are starting to integrate technologies ...

April 05, 2019
SETI Phone Home: Harnessing AI in Search of Aliens
We’ve all read the science fiction, we’ve wondered about suspicious objects in the sky, and we’ve even speculated over mysterious crop circles. But we still don’t know what’s out there. Gerry Zhang, a graduate researcher at the Berkeley SETI ...

April 04, 2019
AI in the Sky Aids Feet on the Ground Spotting Human Rights Violations
In a traditional human rights investigation, researchers travel to a region, conduct interviews, visit crime scenes, examine court records, and collect hospital or autopsy records. While that painstaking approach still constitutes a major part of ...

April 03, 2019
Injecting AI into Healthcare: Medical Innovators Harness NVIDIA Tools for AI-Powered Future
More than 1,500 healthcare experts will converge next week in Boston for the World Medical Innovation Forum to discuss the impact of AI in clinical care, and hear talks by top names in biotech and pharma, U.S. cabinet secretaries and federal agency ...

April 02, 2019
Mellanox to Report First Quarter 2019 Financial Results on April 16, 2019
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd., a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced...


April 02, 2019
KPF Pushes Limits of Building-design Rendering Using NVIDIA RTX
After meeting industrial designer Cobus Bothma, you’d be forgiven for assuming he works in the gaming industry or Hollywood. He’s a big proponent of VR, AR and GPU computing. But Bothma is the director of applied research at Kohn Pedersen Fox, a New ...

April 01, 2019
NVIDIA Names Stephen Neal to Board of Directors
NVIDIA today announced that it has named to its board of directors Stephen C. Neal, a veteran Silicon Valley attorney and corporate advisor. ...

April 01, 2019
A Can with a Plan: Smart Recycling Bin Makes It Easy to Be Green
We’re polluting our planet with our trash. Everything we “throw away” ends up somewhere else — destined for landfill or even the oceans. With increasing awareness of environmental calamities like mountains of trash in some Asian countries and the ...

March 29, 2019
How AI Is Changing Medicine
Doctors and nurses stand at the front lines of our healthcare system, providing immediate care. But there’s an equally important universe of researchers working in parallel who are advancing the tools and knowledge clinicians can draw on to treat ...

April 16, 2019
Israeli Startup Putting the Squeeze on Citrus Disease with AI
The multibillion-dollar citrus industry is getting squeezed. The disease known as “citrus greening” is causing sour fruit around the world. Damage to Florida’s citrus crops has cost billions of dollars and thousands of jobs, according to the ...

April 16, 2019
Mellanox Delivers Record Revenue for the First Quarter of 2019
Achieving $305.2 million, up 22% year-over-year GAAP operating margin 14.6%; Non-GAAP operating margin 28.3%
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced preliminary...


April 15, 2019
How Does a Self-Driving Car See?
To drive better than humans, autonomous vehicles must first see better than humans. Building reliable vision capabilities for self-driving cars has been a major development hurdle. By combining a variety of sensors, however, developers have been ...

April 15, 2019
Dig In: Startup Tills Satellite Data to Harvest Farm AI
The farm-to-fork movement is getting a taste of AI. Startup OneSoil cultivates AI to help farmers boost their bounty. The company offers a GPU-enabled platform that turns satellite data into farm analytics for soil and crop conditions. The ...

April 11, 2019
Medical Imaging Startup Uses AI to Classify Conditions from Sinus and Brain Scans
Radiologists are tasked with diagnosing some of the most serious medical conditions — but their workloads are becoming increasingly demanding as the volume of imaging studies such as CT and MRI has steadily gone up. Houston-based InformAI is ...

April 10, 2019
NVIDIA RTX at Center of NAB Show, Powering New Updates for Top Creative Apps
Content is coming to life in new ways, thanks to NVIDIA RTX GPUs. Companies are showcasing their latest products and applications that enhance creative workflows this week at the National Association of Broadcasters show in Las Vegas — and RTX is at ...

April 09, 2019
NVIDIA Quadro Virtual Workstation Comes to Google Cloud
NVIDIA Quadro Virtual Workstation (QvWS) is now available on Google Cloud Platform (GCP). GCP is the first cloud instance to offer Quadro vWS on NVIDIA T4, one of the most versatile cloud GPUs. QvWS with NVIDIA T4 leverages the latest NVIDIA Turing ...

April 09, 2019
How AI Is Transforming Healthcare
Healthcare is a multi-trillion dollar global industry, growing each year as average life expectancy rises — and with nearly unlimited facets and sub-specialties. For medical professionals, new technologies can change the way they work, enable more ...

April 09, 2019
NVIDIA CEO Ties AI-Driven Medical Advances to Data-Driven Leaps in Every Industry
Radiology. Autonomous vehicles. Supercomputing. The changes sweeping through all these fields are closely related. Just ask NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang. Speaking in Boston at the World Medical Innovation Forum to more than 1,800 of the world’s top ...

April 09, 2019
Wasting Away: Winnow Slims Down Commercial Food Waste
Food is too valuable to waste. But nearly $100 billion of it is thrown away in the hospitality sector every year. When you’re catering for an unknown number of guests, you can’t afford to be underprepared. In many cases, this can lead kitchen staff ...

April 25, 2019
Five Projects We’re Supporting in India for Underprivileged Youth, Those with Disabilities
The right resources and support — particularly for education and healthcare — can go a long way to shrink the opportunity gaps faced by underprivileged populations. It’s a strategy NVIDIA has long followed to help build a better future for the ...

April 23, 2019
Tesla Raises the Bar for Self-Driving Carmakers
In unveiling the specs of his new self-driving car computer at today’s Tesla Autonomy Day investor event, Elon Musk made several things very clear to the world. First, Tesla is raising the bar for all other carmakers. Second, Tesla’s self-driving ...

April 23, 2019
Turing Now Starts at $149: Introducing GeForce GTX 1650
Welcome to GeForce GTX PC gaming. NVIDIA today launched worldwide the GeForce GTX 1650, giving you smooth performance on the latest games. With the arrival of the GTX 1650, our acclaimed Turing family of GeForce GTX GPUs now starts at $149. The GTX ...

April 23, 2019
Record 80+ Turing Laptops Reaching Market in New GeForce GTX 16-Series Release
In a record for GeForce, top computer makers are introducing more than 80 new laptops based on our supercharged GeForce GTX 1660 Ti and 1650 GPUs. Following the launch of more than 40 GeForce RTX laptops at CES in January, well over 100 new GeForce ...

April 23, 2019
NVIDIA Supercharges Record 80+ Gaming Laptop Models with Turing-Powered GTX 16-Series GPUs
Starting at $799, Laptops with GeForce GTX 1660 Ti and 1650 Launch from World’s Top Manufacturers
NVIDIA today introduced the GeForce® GTX® 1660 Ti and 1650 Turing-based GPUs for gaming laptops, which deliver a major jump in overall performance and power efficiency for today’s most popular games.

April 22, 2019
Lean, Green, AI Machines: 5 Projects Using GPUs for a Better Planet
Earth Day is a good day for AI. And the benefits are felt all year, all around the world, as deep learning and NVIDIA GPUs aid our understanding of ecosystems and climate patterns, preserving plants and animals, and managing waste. Here are five ...

April 18, 2019
How to Train Your Robot: Robot Learning Guru Shares Advice for College Students
Whether you’re a robot or a college student, it helps to start with the fundamentals, says a leading robotics researcher. While robots can do amazing things, compare even the most advanced robots to a three-year-old and they can come up short. ...

April 18, 2019
Going Against the Grain: How Lucidyne Is Revolutionizing Lumber Grading with Deep Learning
Talk about a knotty problem. Lucidyne Technologies has been using AI since the late 1980s to detect defects in lumber products. But no matter how much technology it’s employed, finding imperfections in wood boards — a process that’s critical to ...

April 17, 2019
How UnitedHealth Group Is Infusing Deep Learning Into Healthcare Services
In a massive healthcare organization, even a small improvement in workflow can translate to major gains in efficiency. That means lower costs for the healthcare provider and better, faster care for patients. UnitedHealth Group, one of the largest ...

April 16, 2019
NVIDIA DRIVE Brings Green Energy to Shanghai Auto Show
Automakers and suppliers are turning the industry green with NVIDIA DRIVE. Electric and autonomous vehicle concepts are lining the floor this week at the Auto Shanghai show, bringing new technology and energy to production cars. Some of the biggest ...

May 07, 2019
AI of the Storm: Deep Learning Analyzes Atmospheric Events on Saturn
Saturn is many times the size of Earth, so it’s only natural that its storms are more massive — lasting months, covering thousands of miles, and producing lightning bolts thousands of times more powerful. While scientists have access to galaxies of ...

May 06, 2019
Israel’s Holocaust Museum Embracing AI to Help Visitors Draw Insights from its Vast Archives
Yad Vashem, the world’s preeminent Holocaust memorial center, is dedicated to keeping alive for future generations the memory of the 6 million Jews who perished at the hands of the German Nazis and their collaborators. But its World Holocaust ...

May 02, 2019
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for First-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of Call
NVIDIA will host a conference call on Thursday, May 16, at 2:30 p.m. PT (5:30 p.m. ET) to discuss its ...

May 02, 2019
Goodwill Farming: Startup Harvests AI to Reduce Herbicides
Blue River's work formed one of the early success stories of many for harnessing NVIDIA GPUs and computer vision to tackle complex industrial problems with big benefits to humanity. The post Goodwill Farming: Startup Harvests AI to Reduce Herbicides ...

May 02, 2019
Succeeding by Predicting Failure: AI Startup Using Factory-Based Sensors to Avert Shutdowns
In a world reliant on the power of machines, breakdowns can be problematic, sometimes catastrophic. A system failure at an auto manufacturer can cost up to $1.3 million an hour. An offshore oil platform going offline can waste around $3.5 million a ...

May 01, 2019
Springing into Deep Learning: How AI Could Track Allergens on Every Block
As seasonal allergy sufferers will attest, the concentration of allergens in the air varies every few paces. A nearby blossoming tree or sudden gust of pollen-tinged wind can easily set off sneezing and watery eyes. But concentrations of airborne ...

May 01, 2019
Lights, Camera, AI: Cambridge Consultants Puts Deep Learning in Director’s Chair
AI is commonly associated with data. Less known is its artistic side — composing music scores, transforming doodles into photorealistic masterpieces, and dancing the night away. Cambridge Consultants knows it well, having already demonstrated AI’s ...

April 30, 2019
DRIVE Labs: How We’re Building Path Perception for Autonomous Vehicles
Having confidence in a self-driving car’s ability to use data to perceive and choose the correct drivable path while the car is driving is critical. We call this path perception confidence. The post DRIVE Labs: How We’re Building Path Perception for ...

April 29, 2019
Car Buyers, Choose Your Engines: How Assembly Lines Are Gearing Up for Made-to-Order Vehicles
Buying a car isn’t as simple as it used to be. Beyond cloth or leather seats and deciding on a color, purchasers are swarmed with a myriad of choices: from trim lines and engine types to various kinds of safety and driver assistance systems. By the ...

April 26, 2019
First Commercial Renderer with NVIDIA RTX Ray Tracing Delivers up to 19x Speedups
Real-time ray tracing enables artists to receive instantaneous feedback on every aspect of their designs — from geometry to shading to lighting. Now, NVIDIA and Isotropix are making this capability available through Clarisse, graphics software used ...

May 14, 2019
A Proven Method: DRIVE Constellation Now Supports CarSim Vehicle Model
NVIDIA’s simulation tools for testing autonomous cars in the virtual world now offer more models for validation. Two key simulation companies — Mechanical Simulation, creator of CarSim and TruckSim, and IPG — are integrating their high-fidelity ...

May 14, 2019
Bird’s-AI View: Harnessing Drones to Improve Traffic Flow
Traffic. It’s one of the most commonly cited frustrations across the globe. It consumed nearly 180 hours of productive time for the average U.K. driver last year. German drivers lost an average of 120 hours. U.S. drivers lost nearly 100 hours. ...

May 13, 2019
NVIDIA Invests in WekaIO’s Speedier Data Transfer for AI
NVIDIA today made a strategic investment in WekaIO, whose technology speeds data transfer for performance-hungry AI applications. The startup, which is based in San Jose, with engineering offices in Tel Aviv, offers high-performance file storage ...

May 13, 2019
Mellanox Introduces Advanced Network Telemetry Technology to Keep Your Business Up and Running
Advanced "What Just Happened" Telemetry Technology Detects Network Anomalies to Dramatically Improve Data Center Uptime
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd., a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced an advanced...


May 13, 2019
NVIDIA Delivers More Than 6,000x Speedup on Key Algorithm for Hedge Funds
NVIDIA’s AI platform is delivering more than 6,000x acceleration for running an algorithm that the hedge fund industry uses to benchmark backtesting of trading strategies. This enormous GPU-accelerated speedup has big implications across the ...

May 10, 2019
DRIVE Labs: Pursuing Perfection for Intersection Detection
Editor’s note: This is the second post in the NVIDIA DRIVE Labs series. With this series, we’re taking an engineering-focused look at individual autonomous vehicle challenges and how the NVIDIA DRIVE AV Software team is mastering them. Catch up on ...

May 09, 2019
NVIDIA and Red Hat Team to Accelerate Enterprise AI
For enterprises looking to get their GPU-accelerated AI and data science projects up and running more quickly, life just got easier. At Red Hat Summit today, NVIDIA and Red Hat introduced the combination of NVIDIA’s GPU-accelerated computing ...

May 09, 2019
King’s College London and NVIDIA Build UK’s First AI Platform for NHS Hospitals
Aiming to simplify and speed up complicated radiology workflows, NVIDIA and King’s College London today announced they are partnering to build an AI platform that will in the near future allow specialists in the U.K.’s National Health Service (NHS) ...

May 08, 2019
NVIDIA Stockholder Meeting Set for May 22; Individuals Can Participate Online
NVIDIA today announced it will hold its 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders online on Wednesday, May 22, at 10:30 am PT. The meeting will take place virtually ...

May 07, 2019
How Do Self-Driving Cars Make Decisions?
Self-driving cars see the world using sensors. But how do they make sense of all that data? The key is perception, the industry’s term for the ability, while driving, to process and identify road data — from street signs to pedestrians to ...

May 22, 2019
AI Nails It: Startup’s Drones Eye Construction Sites
Krishna Sudarshan was a Goldman Sachs managing director until his younger son’s obsession with drones became his own, attracting him to the flying machines’ data-heavy business potential. Sudarshan quit Goldman after a decade in 2016 to found Aspec ...

May 21, 2019
Intel Highlighted Why NVIDIA Tensor Core GPUs Are Great for Inference
It’s not every day that one of the world’s leading tech companies highlights the benefits of your products. Intel did just that last week, comparing the inference performance of two of their most expensive CPUs to NVIDIA GPUs. To achieve the ...

May 21, 2019
Plowing AI, Startup Retrofits Tractors with Autonomy
Colin Hurd, Mark Barglof and Quincy Milloy aren’t your conventional tech entrepreneurs. And that’s not just because their agriculture technology startup is based in Ames, Iowa. Smart Ag is developing autonomy and robotics for tractors in a region ...

May 21, 2019
ACR AI-LAB and NVIDIA Make AI in Hospitals Easy on IT, Accessible to Every Radiologist
For radiology to benefit from AI, there needs to be easy, consistent and scalable ways for hospital IT departments to implement the technology. It’s a return to a service-oriented architecture, where logical components are separated and can each ...

May 20, 2019
Mellanox Introduces Ethernet Cloud Fabric Technology based on the World's Most Advanced 100/200/400GbE Open Ethernet Switches
Designed for Unmatched Scale and Programmability, Spectrum®-2 Open Ethernet Switches Enable Industry's Most Efficient Cloud, Hyperscale, and Enterprise Data Centers
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today introduced...


May 20, 2019
Cracking the Code on Opioid Addiction with Summit Supercomputer
About 10 percent of people who are prescribed opioids experience full-blown addiction, yet there’s no way to know who is most susceptible. Genomics can likely explain this riddle — by identifying genetic predispositions to addiction — but such ...

May 20, 2019
By the Book: AI Making Millions of Ancient Japanese Texts More Accessible
Natural disasters aren’t just threats to people and buildings, they can also erase history — by destroying rare archival documents. As a safeguard, scholars in Japan are digitizing the country’s centuries-old paper records, typically by taking a ...

May 16, 2019
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for First Quarter Fiscal 2020
NVIDIA today reported revenue for the first quarter ended April 28, 2019, of $2.22 billion compared with $3.21 billion a year earlier and $2.21 ...

May 15, 2019
Mellanox Capital Invests in Storage Leaders Excelero and WekaIO
Strategic Investment Drives the Storage Ecosystem for Advanced Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, and Machine Learning Workloads
Mellanox® Capital, , the global investment arm of Mellanox Technologies, Ltd., today announced investments in high performance storage leaders Excelero and WekaIO. Excelero, a...


May 15, 2019
Paige.AI Ramps Up Cancer Pathology Research Using NVIDIA Supercomputer
An accurate diagnosis is key to treating cancer — a disease that kills 600,000 people a year in the U.S. alone — and AI can help. Common forms of the disease, like breast, lung and prostate cancer, can have good recovery rates when diagnosed early. ...

May 27, 2019
NVIDIA Launches Edge Computing Platform to Bring Real-Time AI to Global Industries
Leading Computer Makers Adopt NVIDIA EGX Platform, Offering GPU Edge Servers for Instant AI on Real-Time Streaming Data in Telecom, Healthcare, Manufacturing, Retail, Transportation
Computex -- NVIDIA today announced NVIDIA EGX, an accelerated computing platform that enables companies to perform low-latency AI at the edge — to perceive, understand and act in real time on continuous streaming data between 5G base stations, ...

May 27, 2019
World’s Most Powerful Mobile Workstations Launch with NVIDIA Quadro RTX, Delivering AI, Ray Tracing, VR
Creative and technical professionals can now access the latest advancements in photorealistic rendering, AI and VR while on the go, with the new lineup of NVIDIA Quadro RTX-powered mobile workstations. At the annual Computex conference in Taipei, ...

May 27, 2019
NVIDIA Laptop Momentum Accelerates as Partners Announce 25 New Models
Record 125 Laptops Offer Large Range of Options for Gamers, Creators
Computex -- NVIDIA today announced the launch by leading manufacturers of 25 laptops fueled by its power-efficient NVIDIA Turing™ GPUs, broadening the reach of their...

May 27, 2019
NVIDIA Boosts Capabilities of World’s 40 Million Creatives with Launch of NVIDIA Studio
Platform Brings Together RTX GPUs and NVIDIA Studio Stack to Optimize Performance and Reliability; Headlined by 17 New RTX Studio Laptops
Computex -- NVIDIA today unveiled NVIDIA Studio, a platform to dramatically improve performance and reliability for the world’s 40 million online and studio-based creatives who depend on high-performance PCs for their craft.

May 27, 2019
NVIDIA and Bethesda Add ‘Wolfenstein: Youngblood’ to List of Ray-Traced Blockbuster Franchises
Wolfenstein: Youngblood Becomes Latest Game to Adopt Ray Tracing for Incredible Visual Effects; Bundled with NVIDIA GeForce RTX GPUs
Computex -- NVIDIA and Bethesda today announced that Wolfenstein®: Youngblood™, the next installment in the legendary Wolfenstein franchise, will include support for real-time ray-tracing effects, NVIDIA® Adaptive Shading and other advanced gaming ...

May 26, 2019
Relive a Classic! NVIDIA Remakes ‘Quake II’ with Stunning Ray-Traced Graphics, Gifts to PC Gamers
Available for All, Free — Starting June 6
Computex -- NVIDIA today announced that Quake II RTX will be available on GeForce.com as a free download on June 6.

May 23, 2019
GPU Computing 101: Why University Educators Are Pulling NVIDIA Teaching Kits into Their Classrooms
Along with the usual elements of university curriculums — lectures, assignments, lab exercises — there’s a new tool that educators are increasingly leaning into: NVIDIA Teaching Kits. University educators around the world are tapping into these ...

May 23, 2019
A Common Sense Method to Add Camera, Radar, Lidar and More to Autonomous Vehicles
When it comes to autonomous vehicle sensor suites, one size does not fit all. From Level 2+ automated driving to fully autonomous robotaxis, and from cars to shuttles to trucks, the wide range of autonomous vehicle types requires a variety of ...

May 22, 2019
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community: Bank of America 2019 Global Technology Conference Wednesday, June 5, at 9:30 a.m. ...

May 22, 2019
DRIVE Labs: Predicting the Future with RNNs
From distracted drivers crossing over lanes to pedestrians darting out from between parked cars, driving can be unpredictable. Such unexpected maneuvers mean drivers have to plan for different futures while behind the wheel. The post DRIVE Labs: ...

May 31, 2019
Made in Taiwan, Powered by NVIDIA: TAIWANIA 2 Supercomputer Comes Online
TAIWANIA 2 – the fastest supercomputer in Taiwan and 20th fastest in the world – is now open for business. The first “made in Taiwan” AI supercomputer, TAIWANIA 2 is a milestone in Taiwan’s promotion of AI as a core tenant of its future development ...

May 31, 2019
Signed, Sealed, Autonomously Delivered: TuSimple Operates New Kind of Mail Carrier in Self-Driving Pilot
Snail mail has a new set of futuristic, faster wheels. NVIDIA DRIVE partner and autonomous trucking startup TuSimple has been hauling mail more than 1,000 miles between Phoenix and Dallas as part of a two-week pilot with the U.S. Postal Service. ...

May 29, 2019
A Ray of Funshine: Computex 2019 Kicks Off Summer as Ray Tracing Sizzles
When the summer sun crests, gamers know that more than tan lines are coming. They also know that means the next wave of PC gaming is just ahead from NVIDIA and game publishers. This year, gamers had their eyes trained on Computex in Taiwan, one of ...

May 28, 2019
Ready, Set, Drone! MIT Simulation Uses NVIDIA RTX Technology to Put Drone Racing Teams to the Test
Drone pilots are getting their flying skills put to the test with FlightGoggles, a simulation powered by NVIDIA RTX technology that delivers a virtual race course inside a photorealistic environment. Competitors from around the world are ...

May 28, 2019
Computex 2019: Creators Take Center Stage with NVIDIA Studio to Make Magic on the Go
A designer, an artist and a director walked into our Computex press conference on Monday. They didn’t deliver any punchlines, but did something better: Blowing people’s minds with breathtaking demos of real-time ray tracing and AI on our new RTX ...

May 28, 2019
17 New NVIDIA RTX Studio Laptops Provide Artists with Desktop-Class Performance on the Go
Creative workflows are riddled with hurry up and wait. Repetitive tasks can take up to 80 percent of a creator’s time, leaving them watching progress bars instead of making adjustments and improvements. And content like ray-traced 3D models and RED ...

May 27, 2019
NVIDIA Earns Double Wins with Computex ‘Best Choice’ Awards
Awards for NVIDIA DGX-2 AI System and Jetson AGX Xavier Extend Company’s Record 11-Year Win Streak
Computex -- NVIDIA today announced that it has won two Best Choice Awards at Computex 2019, extending its record-breaking win streak to 11 consecutive years at the...

May 27, 2019
AI Potcast: A Joint Discussion on AI, Agtech with Grownetics CEO
The grass really is greener on the AI side. Grownetics CEO and co-founder Vince Harkiewicz would know. He helps grow it. AI isn’t new to agtech, of course. But Grownetics, an intelligent cultivation management system for indoor farms and ...

May 27, 2019
An On-Ramp for AI: NVIDIA Expands NGC-Ready Portfolio and Support Services
Industries are doubling down on AI for competitive advantage. Whether it’s identifying fraud in insurance claims or predicting customer demand in retail, business leaders are realizing the benefits of AI and scaling the technology across their ...

May 27, 2019
NVIDIA Kicks Off Computex, Supercharging Computers for Gamers and Creators, Driving AI at the Edge
Gamers and content creators were the focus Monday as NVIDIA kicked off Computex, Asia’s largest annual technology trade show, which runs all week in Taiwan, the heart of the global PC ecosystem. In a brisk hour, NVIDIA Senior Vice President Jeff ...

June 10, 2019
‘Watch Dogs: Legion’ to Support DirectX Raytracing on PC, Powered by NVIDIA GeForce RTX
NVIDIA GeForce RTX is Official Graphics Platform for Third Installment in ‘Watch Dogs’ Series
E3 -- NVIDIA and Ubisoft today announced that NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ is the official graphics platform for Ubisoft’s upcoming 2020 release, Watch Dogs®: Legion.

June 10, 2019
Generative by Design: How NVIDIA Quadro Is Transforming the Design Process for Engineers
Design professionals will soon be able to create better products faster than ever, thanks to advances in AI-driven generative design and real-time engineering simulation. Generative design software allows engineers to improve their product designs ...

June 07, 2019
What’s the Difference Between Hardware and Software Accelerated Ray Tracing?
You don’t need specialized hardware to do ray tracing, but you want it. Software-based ray tracing, of course, is decades old. And it looks great: movie makers have been using ray-tracing for decades now. But it’s now clear that specialized hardware ...

June 06, 2019
‘Quake II RTX,’ NVIDIA’s Reimagining of PC Gaming Classic with Ray-Traced Graphics, Available Now
World’s First Fully Path-Traced Game Free to Download from Steam and NVIDIA.com
NVIDIA today announced that Quake II RTX, published by the company’s LightSpeed Studios, is now available on Steam and nvidia.com as a free download.

June 05, 2019
Check Point Software Technologies Propels Mellanox Past One Million Ethernet Switch Ports
Security Leader Integrates Mellanox Switches into its Hyperscale Security Appliances, Driving Mellanox Past the One Million Port Milestone
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced the...


June 05, 2019
Moves Like Jaguar: Carmaker’s Logo Springs to Life at LA, Paris, Shanghai Auto Shows
The cars weren’t the only things ready to growl at this year’s Los Angeles, Paris and Shanghai auto shows. Luxury automaker Jaguar surprised attendees with a wall-sized digital display that featured a life-like, interactive — and vocal — jaguar that ...

June 05, 2019
‘Call of Duty: Modern Warfare’ to Support DirectX Raytracing on PC, Powered by NVIDIA GeForce RTX
One of the Most Anticipated Games of the Year to Leverage NVIDIA RTX Technology on PC
NVIDIA and Activision today announced that NVIDIA is the official PC partner for Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare®, the highly anticipated, all-new title scheduled for release on Oct. 25.

June 04, 2019
Made You Look: GPU Technology Helps Volkswagen Create Eye-Catching Vehicle Designs
Thanks to GPUs, practical vehicle design doesn’t have to be boring. Last month, Volkswagen used the latest in simulation and compute technologies to tailor its design process for both fuel efficiency and style. Striking the elusive balance between ...

June 03, 2019
Ray with Me: How One Indie Developer Used Reddit to Get His Ray-Tracing Project Some Help
Scrolling through the NVIDIA Reddit, I came across a post from “fatheadlifter.” Looking for RTX gamers to beta test a new Ray Tracing-only game Hey everyone, I’m developing a game that is RTX required and I’m in need of some beta testers who can ...

June 03, 2019
Earthshaking Development: Summit Supercomputer Boosts Our Understanding of Earthquakes
Earthquakes remain one of Earth’s most unpredictable phenomena. Geologists, however, believe that if they had a better understanding of the planet’s interior, we’d be able to more accurately assess earthquake risks. To gain that insight, a research ...

June 17, 2019
NVIDIA Builds Supercomputer to Develop Self-Driving Cars
In a clear demonstration of why AI leadership demands the best compute capabilities, NVIDIA today unveiled the world’s 22nd fastest supercomputer — DGX SuperPOD — which provides AI infrastructure that meets the massive demands of the company’s ...

June 17, 2019
NVIDIA Brings CUDA to Arm, Enabling New Path to Exascale Supercomputing
International Supercomputing Conference -- NVIDIA today announced its support for Arm CPUs, providing the high performance computing industry a new path to build extremely energy-efficient, AI-enabled exascale supercomputers.

June 14, 2019
Four Surprising Ways Inference Is Putting AI into Action
From voice assistants like Alexa and Google Maps navigation to Bing’s conversational search, AI has become a part of daily life for many. These tasks are performing deep learning inference, which might be thought of as AI put into action. The deep ...

June 13, 2019
It’s Elemental: Summit Supercomputer Probes Role of Supernovas in Laying Foundation for Life
Supernovas — the spectacular explosions that occur in dying stars — may hold the answers to many questions about the origins of life. The cataclysmic events are responsible for spreading throughout the universe the chemical elements formed within ...

June 12, 2019
Siemens and NVIDIA Deliver Real-Time Visualization to Designers and Engineers All Over the World
It’s now easier than ever for professionals to visualize and interact with 3D models so they can bring complex designs to life. Siemens PLM, a software company based in Plano, Texas, unveiled this week a tech preview of NX Ray Traced Studio with ...

June 12, 2019
A Breed Apart: New NVIDIA-Powered Data Science Workstations Now Available Worldwide
Data science is one of the fastest growing fields of computer science, and it’s impacting every industry. Companies in finance, insurance, retail and other areas are hiring data scientists, analysts and engineers at an unprecedented rate. To derive ...

June 12, 2019
Sea of Green: NVIDIA Floods ISC with AI and HPC
The intersection of HPC and AI is extending the reach of science and accelerating the pace of innovation like never before. It’s driving discovery in scientific astrophysics, weather forecasting, energy exploration, molecular dynamics and many other ...

June 11, 2019
Blockbuster Games Go All the Ray at E3
Ray tracing, only made possible a year ago with the introduction of GeForce RTX graphics cards, is taking the gaming industry by storm with blockbuster after blockbuster announcing support. Quake II RTX, Battlefield V, Shadow of the Tomb Raider, ...

June 11, 2019
CD PROJEKT RED and NVIDIA Partner to Bring Ray Tracing to ‘Cyberpunk 2077’
Highly Acclaimed, Highly Anticipated Game Uses Real-Time Ray Tracing
E3—NVIDIA and CD PROJEKT RED today announced that NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ is an official technology partner for Cyberpunk 2077 and that the companies are working together to bring real-time ray tracing to the game.

June 10, 2019
How NVIDIA RTX Is Taking Building Designs to New Heights
By building interactive experiences for its clients, Neoscape, a Boston-based creative studio, is changing the landscape of architectural visualization with NVIDIA Quadro RTX. With the latest advancements like ray tracing, enhanced VR head-mounted ...

June 18, 2019
Mellanox Liquid Cooled HDR 200G Multi-Host InfiniBand Adapters Accelerate Lenovo's Most Advanced Liquid Cooled Server Platform
Providing World's Leading Performance and Energy Efficiency for High Performance Computing and Artificial Intelligence Applications
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced the...


June 18, 2019
GTC DC, Washington’s Premier AI Conference, Returns Nov. 4-6 with 3,000+ Attendees
Virtually every federal agency is focused on understanding how AI will affect society, from better protecting data to improving public services, lowering costs and providing better quality of life for consumers. Leaders in the federal government and ...

June 18, 2019
Head of the Class: Indiana University Selects NVIDIA V100 to Power Nation's Fastest University Supercomputer for AI
Indiana University has signed up to become home to the nation’s fastest university-owned supercomputer in an effort to support its AI research. The university plans to be the first academic customer in line for a Cray Shasta supercomputer sporting ...

June 18, 2019
Volvo Group Selects NVIDIA to Transform Trucking
Volvo Group and NVIDIA are delivering autonomy to the world’s transportation industries, using AI to revolutionize how people and products move all over the world. At its headquarters in Gothenburg, Sweden, Volvo Group announced Tuesday that it’s ...

June 17, 2019
World’s Fastest Supercomputer Triples Its Performance Record
The world’s fastest supercomputer just got almost three times faster. Using HPL-AI, a new approach to benchmarking AI supercomputers, Oak Ridge National Laboratory’s Summit system has achieved unprecedented performance levels of 445 petaflops or ...

June 17, 2019
Mellanox HDR 200G InfiniBand Accelerates New Generation of World-Wide High-Performance Computing and Artificial Intelligence Supercomputers
Providing World-Leading Performance and Scalability for Compute and Data Demanding Applications, Accelerating Research, Scientific Discoveries and Product Development
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that HDR...


June 17, 2019
NVIDIA Names Donald Robertson as Chief Accounting Officer
NVIDIA today announced that it has named Donald Robertson as vice president and chief accounting officer, reporting to Colette Kress, executive vice ...

June 17, 2019
InfiniBand Accelerates Six of the Top Ten Supercomputers in the World, Including the Top Three, and Four of the Top Five on June's TOP500
Mellanox InfiniBand and Ethernet Solutions Connect 296 Systems or 59% of Overall TOP500 Platforms, Demonstrating 37% Growth in 12 Months (June'18-June'19)    
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), ), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that...


June 17, 2019
Making Waves at CVPR: Inception Startups Exhibit GPU-Powered Work in Long Beach
Computer vision technology that can identify items in a shopping bag. Deep learning tools that inspect train tracks for defects. An AI model that automatically labels street-view imagery. These are just a few of the AI breakthroughs being showcased ...

June 17, 2019
Japan’s Fastest Supercomputer Adopts NGC, Enabling Easy Access to Deep Learning Frameworks
From discovering drugs, to locating black holes, to finding safer nuclear energy sources, high performance computing systems around the world have enabled breakthroughs across all scientific domains. Japan’s fastest supercomputer, ABCI, powered by ...

July 02, 2019
With Great Power Comes Great Gaming: NVIDIA Launches GeForce RTX SUPER Series
Best-In-Class Performance, Power Efficiency, Plus Real-Time Ray Tracing for Growing Wave of Blockbuster Games

July 01, 2019
Building a Higher Standard: NVIDIA Selected to Lead Industry Safety Group
Safety is what drives us. It’s why we’re working with the automotive industry around the world to ensure automated vehicles meet the highest quality standards. Drawing on our own safety and engineering experience, NVIDIA has been tapped to lead the ...

June 28, 2019
Kid Stuff: How We’re Bringing AI Education to K-12 Students, Families
Reading. Writing. AI. We’re supporting a new effort to bring AI training to high school classrooms across the United States. The Exploring Computer Science AI curriculum – and our support for the AI Family Challenge – highlight our efforts to ...

June 27, 2019
Go with the Flow: How Summit Supercomputer Is Transforming Design of Propulsion Systems
The turbulence created when diesel motors, internal combustion engines or gas turbines fire results in all manner of instabilities. Being able to model and predict those dynamic flows requires a complicated array of physics calculations. The ...

June 26, 2019
Striking a Chord: Anthem Helps Patients Navigate Healthcare with Ease
AI is bringing convenience to your healthcare experience. Health insurance company Anthem helps patients personalize and better understand their healthcare information through AI. Operating in 14 states with more than 40 million members on its ...

June 25, 2019
How Siemens Healthineers Is Streamlining Cancer Therapy with AI
Cancer incidence rates are on the rise — expected to increase by 63 percent over the next two decades. To meet the growing demand for care, medical technology leaders are turning to AI tools that can help radiation oncologists provide high-quality, ...

June 21, 2019
Quantib’s Quest: Startup Assists Radiologists in Detecting Dementia
Dementia diagnosis starts with uncertainty — patients or their family members make an appointment after noticing symptoms that suggest something’s wrong. It may take months or years to reach a final diagnosis, as doctors must observe how a patient’s ...

June 19, 2019
To Go the Distance, We Built Systems That Could Better Perceive It
Simple rule: If you can’t judge distances you shouldn’t drive. The problem: judging distances is anything but simple. We humans, of course, have two high-resolution, highly synchronized visual sensors — our eyes — that let us to gauge distances ...

June 19, 2019
NVIDIA Launches Technology Center to Advance AI Research Across U.K.
NVIDIA launched this week a technology center in the U.K. designed to support groundbreaking research in AI and data science — and foster engagement across the country’s higher education and research community. Hartree Centre, the University of ...

June 18, 2019
AI Lights Shine Bright Across Northern Sky, in Swedish Tribute to Tech’s Biggest Wave
In the land of the midnight sun, the AI lights beamed brightly Tuesday night in Gothenburg. Some 300 startup founders, researchers and tech execs crammed into a 19th century red-brick hall in a hipster corner of Sweden’s second-largest city to mark ...

July 11, 2019
A High-Class Affair: NVIDIA Partners Climb to New Heights at Goodwood Festival of Speed
Some need an illustrious career capped with a knighthood or royal wedding to climb the ranks of centuries-old English society. Last week, self-driving cars only needed a winding uphill road through the countryside to make their entrance. NVIDIA ...

July 11, 2019
NVIDIA DGX-Ready Program Goes Global, Doubles Colocation Partners
To help businesses deploy AI infrastructure to power their most important opportunities, our DGX-Ready Data Center program is going global. We’ve also added new services that will help organizations accelerate their progress. We’ve added to the ...

July 11, 2019
Get Your Fashion Fix: Stitch Fix Adds AI Flair to Your Closet
Some say style never fades, and now with the help of AI, finding one’s fashion sense is about to get a whole lot easier. Fashion ecommerce startup Stitch Fix is piecing together a seamless balance between AI-powered decision making and human ...

July 10, 2019
Read Between the Lines: How We Taught Neural Nets to Predict Lane Lines
Lane markings are critical guides for autonomous vehicles, providing vital context for where they are and where they’re going. That’s why detecting them with pixel-level precision is fundamentally important for self-driving cars. The post Read ...

July 10, 2019
NVIDIA Breaks Eight AI Performance Records
You can’t be first if you’re not fast. Inside the world’s top companies, teams of researchers and data scientists are creating ever more complex AI models, which need to be trained, fast. That’s why leadership in AI demands leadership in AI ...

July 08, 2019
Mellanox Capital Extends Storage Ecosystem with Investments in CNEX Labs and Pliops
Strategic Investments Drive Scalable Datacenters with Hybrid Software Defined Flash Controllers and Computational Storage Technologies
Mellanox® Capital, the global investment arm of Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), today announced investments in storage leaders CNEX Labs and Pliops. CNEX Labs, a leader in high...


July 05, 2019
Wide World of Esports: NVIDIA GeForce Anchors The International 2019 in Shanghai
No pressure. The DOTA 2 International Tournament 2019 opens in August at the Mercedes-Benz Arena in Shanghai. The stakes – at $25 million and growing, already twice that of golf’s Masters Tournament – are huge. And once again, NVIDIA will provide ...

July 02, 2019
Mellanox to Report Second Quarter 2019 Financial Results on July 24, 2019
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that it will...


July 02, 2019
What’s My Line? GPUs Help Researcher Decipher Ancient Sanskrit
With 10 verb tenses, eight noun cases, three grammatical genders and a strong predilection for compound words, Sanskrit is not an easy language to teach a human — let alone an AI model. But Indologist Oliver Hellwig is undertaking the challenge, ...

July 02, 2019
SUPER Powers for All Gamers: Best In Class Performance, Ray Tracing, Latest Features
Most gamers don’t buy a GPU to accelerate a single game. They make investments. That’s why — with the deluge of new ray-traced games announced over the past few weeks — we’re doubling down on our gaming GPUs. SUPER, our new line of faster Turing ...

July 24, 2019
Speaking of AI: Startup Empowers Indian Language Speakers with Deep Learning
A flood of new smartphone users will come online in the next couple years — and many don’t speak or read a word of English, the internet’s most common language. To make web adoption smoother for hundreds of millions of these new users, one ...

July 23, 2019
Create Different: RTX Studio Laptops Power Best-in-Class Video Editing, 3D Rendering Performance
Creative professionals are more mobile than ever. The need to create on the go is vital to meeting tight deadlines and getting content delivered. Whether starting initial edits on set or reviewing rendered ideas with a client at a local coffee shop, ...

July 23, 2019
Life Imitating Art: AI Startup Resembles Pied Piper in HBO’s Silicon Valley
Like Silicon Valley’s plot on fictional startup Pied Piper, Compression AI is a scrappy team of developers working on media-compression technology in a tech incubator. Except instead of being characters in a Hollywood-scripted startup, founders ...

July 22, 2019
Bar Trek: AI Startup Launches Smoothie-Making Robots
Startup Blendid is trekking into the future with smoothie-making robots. The Silicon Valley robotics company is using AI powered by the compact supercomputing of NVIDIA Jetson to quickly serve up customizable juice and vegetable blends. Co-founder ...

July 19, 2019
Moonlighting: RTX Real-Time Ray Tracing Snaps Apollo 11 Landing Into Focus
One small step for man, one giant leap for mankind. While the words were epic, the grainy, jerky images beamed back as Neil Armstrong clambered out of the Eagle lunar lander and onto the surface of the moon half a century ago — while a technical ...

July 18, 2019
It’s Only Logical: Animal Logic Steps Up Production Workflows with NVIDIA vGPU Technology
Whoa. One of the creative studios behind The Matrix’s virtual world is entering a new kind of virtual environment: GPU-powered virtual workstations. Animal Logic — one of the world’s leading independent creative digital studios — has had a hand in ...

July 17, 2019
Spotting Clouds on the Horizon: AI Resolves Uncertainties in Climate Projections
Climate researchers look into the future to project how much the planet will warm in coming decades — but they often rely on decades-old software to conduct their analyses. This legacy software architecture is difficult to update with new ...

July 16, 2019
Evening the Odds: Cornell’s STORK AI Tool Evaluates Embryo Candidates for Better IVF
There’s less than a 50 percent chance that a round of in vitro fertilization — one of the most common treatments for infertility, running up to $15,000 — will succeed. But those odds could be dramatically improved with an AI tool developed by ...

July 14, 2019
Bolshoi Theater Produces En Pointe Performances Using NVIDIA Technology
When it comes to theater productions, the devil is in the details. Dancers, musicians and actors push themselves to the limit to deliver extraordinary performances. And behind the curtain, orchestra pit and tutus, multitudes of artists and ...

July 11, 2019
Walmart, NVIDIA Discuss How They’re Working Together to Transform Retail
Walmart’s the biggest retailer on Earth. It’s also one of the most competitive technology companies around. Two of its sharpest tech tools: NVIDIA GPUs and RAPIDS data science software. Speaking at the VentureBeat Transform conference in San ...

July 31, 2019
NVIDIA Studio Takes Left, Right and Center Stage at SIGGRAPH with 50 RTX Studio Laptops Powering Demos Across the Show Floor
Innovators in computer graphics from around the globe descended this week on the annual SIGGRAPH conference to catch a glimpse of the future. As the Los Angeles Convention Center’s doors flung open, a sea of NVIDIA green rose up. Across the show ...

July 31, 2019
A Cut Above the Rest: SHIELD TV Upgrades to Android 9.0 Pie, Gets Live TV from Hulu
With NVIDIA SHIELD TV, there’s always more to love. Today’s software update — SHIELD Software Experience Upgrade 8.0 — delivers the latest Android TV operating system and Android security updates. SHIELD is the first Android TV device to upgrade to ...

July 31, 2019
AI-Based Virtualitics Demystifies Data Science with VR
The words “data science” often inspire feelings of dread or confusion. But Virtualitics, an AI-based analytics platform, is bringing creativity and excitement to the field through machine learning and immersive visualization. Head of Machine ...

July 30, 2019
Over the Moon: NVIDIA RTX-Powered Apollo 11 Spectacle Lands at SIGGRAPH
With one small step, you can take a giant leap into real-time rendering at SIGGRAPH 2019 this week in Los Angeles. To celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 11 moon landing, NVIDIA is bringing an RTX-powered interactive demo that takes ...

July 30, 2019
A Pigment of Your Imagination: Over Half-Million Images Created with GauGAN AI Art Tool
From amateur doodlers to leading digital artists, creators are coming out in droves to produce masterpieces with NVIDIA’s most popular research demo: GauGAN. The AI painting web app — which turns rough sketches into stunning, photorealistic scenes — ...

July 30, 2019
SIGGRAPH Showcases Amazing NVIDIA Research Breakthroughs, NVIDIA Wins Best in Show Award
Get ready to dig in this week. SIGGRAPH is here and we’re helping graphics professionals, researchers, developers and students of all kinds take advantage of the latest advances in graphics, including new possibilities in real-time ray tracing, AI, ...

July 29, 2019
NVIDIA RTX Studio Laptops and Mobile Workstations — Purpose-Built for Creators — Coming from Every Major OEM
10 New Designs from Dell, HP, Lenovo and BOXX Raise Total Number of RTX Studio Models to 27
NVIDIA today announced that 10 new NVIDIA RTX™ Studio laptops and professional-grade mobile workstations are being released by major partners, delivering real-time ray tracing, advanced AI and ultra-high-resolution video editing to the world’s 40 ...

July 29, 2019
NVIDIA RTX Extends Reach Across Top Applications, Bringing Ray Tracing, AI to Millions of Creatives
RTX On: Adobe, Autodesk, Blender, Foundry, Luxion, Others Debut RTX Support at SIGGRAPH
SIGGRAPH -- One year after NVIDIA RTX™ technology was unveiled at SIGGRAPH 2018, ray tracing has emerged as the new industry standard for product design, architecture, gaming, effects and scientific visualization.

July 25, 2019
What Is Simultaneous Localization and Mapping?
To get around, robots need a little help from maps, just like the rest of us. Just like humans, bots can’t always rely on GPS, especially when they operate indoors. And GPS isn’t sufficiently accurate enough outdoors because precision within a few ...

July 24, 2019
Mellanox Delivers Record Revenue for the Second Quarter of 2019
Achieves $310.3 million revenue, up 16% year-over-year; Trailing 12 months GAAP operating margin 14.4%; Non-GAAP operating margin 27.3%
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced preliminary...


August 14, 2019
Further, Faster, Smarter: NVIDIA AI Powers Growing Student Racing Competition
From rear wings to engine placement, certain design aspects of race cars are fundamental for speed. In the world of driverless racing, that element is NVIDIA. At the third annual Formula Student Driverless racing competition this month in ...

August 13, 2019
NVIDIA Achieves Breakthroughs in Language Understanding to Enable Real-Time Conversational AI
Trains BERT in Record-Setting 53 Minutes and Slashes Inference to 2 Milliseconds; Enables Microsoft, Others to Use State-of-the-Art Language Understanding in Large-Scale Applications
NVIDIA today announced breakthroughs in language understanding that allow businesses to engage more naturally with customers using real-time conversational AI.

August 12, 2019
Gut Feeling: Endoscopy Startup Uses AI to Spot Stomach, Colon Cancer
Even the most experienced doctors can’t catch every tiny polyp during an endoscopy, a screening of the digestive system. But even in routine exams, the stakes are high — missing an early warning sign of cancer can lead to delayed diagnosis and ...

August 08, 2019
Perfect Harmony: Pharma’s MELLODDY Consortium Joins Forces with NVIDIA to Supercharge AI Drug Discovery
Pharmaceutical companies have traditionally kept their data close to the vest because collaboration’s side effects may include compromising intellectual property and losing the edge over competitors. But sharing data has major perks: The more data a ...

August 07, 2019
Mellanox Ethernet and InfiniBand Solutions Deliver Breakthrough Performance for AMD EPYC 7002 Processor Based Data Centers
The Combination of Mellanox's Smart Interconnect Acceleration Engines, PCI Express 4.0 and AMD's Innovative CPU Architecture Provides the Foundation for Next Generation Compute and Storage Infrastructures
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd., a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that...


August 07, 2019
Forget Storming Area 51, AI’s Helping Astronomers Scour the Skies for Habitable Planets
Imagine staring into the high-beams of an oncoming car. Now imagine trying to pick out a speck of dust in the glare of the headlights. That’s the challenge Olivier Guyon and Damien Gratadour face as they try to find the dull glint of an exoplanet — ...

August 06, 2019
Ultrasounds Where You Need Them: How AI Is Improving Diagnoses at Point of Care
In medical emergencies, a quick diagnosis based on the information at hand can be a matter of life or death. The same can be true for non-emergencies. When limited medical equipment is available, delays in diagnosis can turn these situations into ...

August 05, 2019
Daz 3D Turns RTX On in Beta Release of Daz Studio
Fully interactive 3D rendering is now a reality with the beta release of Daz Studio 4.12. The powerful 3D scene creation and rendering application uses NVIDIA RTX and NVIDIA Iray to accelerate ray tracing. Our revolutionary Turing architecture, ...

August 01, 2019
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for Second-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of Call
NVIDIA will host a conference call on Thursday, August 15, at 2:30 p.m. PT (5:30 p.m. ET) to discuss ...

August 01, 2019
Farewell to a Titan: How AI, Simulation, Modeling Cemented Legacy of Former Top U.S. Supercomputer
Titan supercomputer, we salute you. After seven years of groundbreaking service at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee, the former fastest supercomputer in the U.S. is being decommissioned on Aug. 1. First coming online in 2012, Titan ...

August 21, 2019
What’s Up, Doc?: AI Startup Gives Patients the Power
AI, when applied to healthcare, holds the promise of better medical predictions and faster medicinal improvements. To do so, it needs data on which to train. But healthcare data is sensitive and private, creating a dead end. Or not. Walter De ...

August 20, 2019
AI Frame of Mind: Neural Networks Bring Speed, Consistency to Brain Scan Analysis
In the field of neuroimaging, two heads are better than one. So radiologists around the globe are exploring the use of AI tools to share their heavy workloads — and improve the consistency, speed and accuracy of brain scan analysis. “We often refer ...

August 19, 2019
Rising Above the Clouds: GeForce NOW’s Open Platform Elevates PC Gaming
Cloud gaming has been picking up steam this year, but we’ve been enjoying the view from the cloud for quite some time. To the tune of 30 million hours of gameplay, from over 1,000 games streamed from GeForce NOW servers. Since we launched the ...

August 19, 2019
What Is Conversational AI?
For a quality conversation between a human and a machine, responses have to be quick, intelligent and natural-sounding. But up to now, developers of language-processing neural networks that power real-time speech applications have faced an ...

August 19, 2019
RTX Lands in ‘Minecraft,’ World’s Best-Selling Video Game
That was fast. Last year real-time ray tracing was the graphics industry’s science-fictiony future. Now it’s coming to Minecraft, the ubiquitous game where players of all ages and backgrounds come together to build amazing virtual worlds. A game ...

August 19, 2019
NVIDIA RTX On: New Wave of Blockbuster Games Showcase Ray Tracing at Gamescom
Ray-Traced Games Take Gamescom 2019 by Storm, Including Minecraft, Dying Light 2, SYNCED: Off-Planet, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, Cyberpunk 2077, Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines 2 and Watch Dogs: Legion
Gamescom—Marking the ray-tracing revolution sweeping across the video game industry, NVIDIA and its partners kicked off Gamescom 2019 on Monday by premiering blockbuster games that support ray tracing and giving a first look at ray-traced effects in ...

August 19, 2019
‘Minecraft’ is RTX On! Real-Time Ray Tracing Comes to World’s Best-Selling Video Game
NVIDIA and Microsoft Bring Stunning New Visuals to Millions of Minecrafters
Gamescom—Minecraft, the world’s best-selling video game with over 176 million copies sold, will be dramatically more realistic through support for real-time ray tracing on PC, NVIDIA and Microsoft today announced.

August 16, 2019
Applications Open for $50,000 NVIDIA Graduate Fellowship Awards
Bringing together the world’s brightest minds and the latest GPU technology leads to powerful research breakthroughs. That’s why we’re taking applications for the 19th annual NVIDIA Graduate Fellowship Program, seeking students doing outstanding ...

August 15, 2019
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Second Quarter Fiscal 2020
NVIDIA today reported revenue for the second quarter ended July 28, 2019, of $2.58 billion compared with $3.12 billion a year earlier and ...

August 14, 2019
A European Union: NVIDIA Partners to Bring AI-Powered Robotaxis to the Continent
Two of NVIDIA’s automotive partners have announced big plans for small trips. Autonomous vehicle solution provider AutoX and Swedish electric vehicle manufacturer NEVS are partnering to deploy robotaxis in Europe by the end of 2020. The partnership, ...

August 28, 2019
How AI Is Helping Care for an Aging Population
Forty percent of nursing home residents fall at least once a year, with one in five of these spills resulting in fractures or hospital stays. Falling isn’t the only risk for eldercare residents. Those who are non- or partially mobile often suffer ...

August 27, 2019
Keeping an AI on Damage: Startup Automates Vehicle Condition Inspections
Anyone familiar with a fender bender knows that the rigmarole of getting a damage estimate is ready for the wrecking yard. A startup wants to change that. Ravin is using AI to help automate the process of vehicle inspections and reduce headaches for ...

August 26, 2019
Mellanox Introduces Revolutionary ConnectX-6 Dx and BlueField-2 Secure Cloud SmartNICs and I/O Processing Unit Solutions
ConnectX-6 Dx and BlueField-2 Provide 200 Gb/s Ethernet and InfiniBand Connectivity, Enabling Next Generation of Clouds, Secure Data Centers and Storage Platforms
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd., a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today introduced...


August 26, 2019
Mellanox Works with VMware and NVIDIA to Enable High Performance Virtualized Machine Learning Solutions
Advanced Paravirtualization over RDMA (PVRDMA) Networking Technology and NVIDIA's Latest vGPU Solution Enable Efficient Machine Learning Deployments
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that its...


August 26, 2019
NVIDIA vComputeServer with NGC Containers Brings GPU Virtualization to AI, Deep Learning and Data Science
NVIDIA’s virtual GPU (vGPU) technology, which has already transformed virtual client computing, now supports server virtualization for AI, deep learning and data science. Previously limited to CPU-only, AI workloads can now be easily deployed on ...

August 26, 2019
NVIDIA and VMware to Accelerate Machine Learning, Data Science and AI Workloads on VMware Cloud on AWS Accelerated by NVIDIA GPUs
Highly scalable, more secure hybrid cloud platform to help enterprises migrate, modernize and deploy next-generation applications
VMworld—NVIDIA and VMware today announced their intent to deliver accelerated GPU services for VMware Cloud on AWS to power modern enterprise applications, including AI, machine learning and data analytics workflows.


August 23, 2019
AI, Shoulders, Knees and Toes: Startup Builds Deep Learning Tools for Orthopedic Surgeons
Traditional open surgeries require large incisions that provide doctors a broad view of the area they’re operating on. But surgeons are increasingly opting for minimally invasive techniques that rely instead on live video feeds from tiny cameras, ...

August 22, 2019
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Event for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following event for the financial community: Citi 2019 Global Technology Conference Thursday, Sept. 5, at 8 a.m. Eastern time ...

August 21, 2019
How AI Is Helping Protect Taiwan’s Endangered Leopard Cats
There’s no mistaking why the leopard cat of Taiwan got its name. While only about the size of domestic felines, it sports a beautiful, flower-spotted pattern on its fur. There’s also no debate about why the leopard cat, the only remaining native ...

August 21, 2019
Taking It to the Streets: Autonomous Vehicle Road Testing with DRIVE Labs
Turning a traditional car into an autonomous vehicle is an enormous challenge. At NVIDIA, we’re tackling the problem by building the essential blocks of autonomous driving — categorized into perception, localization, and planning/control software — ...

September 10, 2019
What’s the Difference Between Developing AI on Premises and in the Cloud?
Choosing between an on-premises GPU system and the cloud is a bit like deciding between buying or renting a home. Renting takes less capital up front. It’s pay as you go, and features like the washer-dryer unit or leaky roof repair might be handled ...

September 09, 2019
Autonomy Grows in Brooklyn: Optimus Ride Deploys First Self-Driving Vehicles in NYC
If autonomous vehicles can make it here, they’ll make it anywhere. And self-driving shuttle startup Optimus Ride is the first to give it a shot. In August, the NVIDIA partner launched New York’s first public autonomous-driving pilot program. Using ...

September 05, 2019
Dial A for AI: Charter Boosts Customer Service with AI
Charter Communications is working to make customer service smarter even before an operator picks up the phone. Senior Director of Wireless Engineering Jared Ritter took a break from his presentations at GTC in Santa Clara to talk to AI Podcast host ...

September 05, 2019
How AI Can Protect the World’s Woods from Deforestation
For weeks, the Amazon rainforest has been burning at a startling rate. Tens of thousands of fires have been recorded this year — largely started by humans clearing land for logging, ranching or mining. Weak regulations and the insufficient levels of ...

September 04, 2019
NVIDIA Quadro RTX 6000 Powers World’s Fastest Laptop — ASUS ProArt StudioBook One
First Ever Laptop with Quadro RTX 6000 Graphics Joins 11 New RTX Studio Systems from Acer, ASUS, HP, MSI
NVIDIA and ASUS today announced that the Quadro RTX™ 6000 GPU will power the world’s most powerful laptop, the ASUS ProArt StudioBook One. It joins 11 other new RTX Studio systems, launched in time for IFA, the world’s largest electronics ...

September 03, 2019
Mellanox Introduces New LinkX 200G & 400G Cables & Transceivers at CIOE, Shenzhen, China and ECOC, Dublin, Ireland 2019
Announcing Active DACs, QSA56 Port Adapters and 400G DR4 Transceivers Showing Our Full Line of 100G, 200G and 400G DAC and AOC Cables and Transceivers
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd., a leading supplier of optical transceivers and high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems,...


September 03, 2019
Frontera’s New Frontier: Fastest Academic Supercomputer Wields NVIDIA GPUs for Science Research
Everything’s bigger in Texas — supercomputers included. The Texas Advanced Computing Center today launched Frontera, the most powerful academic supercomputer in the world, now featuring two subsystems powered by some 800 NVIDIA GPUs. Frontera will ...

August 29, 2019
Kitchen Confidential: Robotics Startup Dishes Out Automation to Clean Up Food Service Operations
Clean dishes make the world go ‘round — for food service operations, at least. Dishwashers are a key component to a commercial kitchen’s smooth operation, but they have one of the highest labor shortage and turnover rates in any industry. With the ...

August 29, 2019
Gaming to Please: For RTX, More Games Means More Believers
Don’t tell my boss. Suddenly, my job is a little easier. See, I’m the NVIDIA PR guy for gaming technologies. So I’ve spent a lot of time over the past year convincing some very skeptical journalists and influencers that ray tracing is the next big ...

August 28, 2019
Valet All Day: NVIDIA Partner Momenta Showcases Driverless Parking System and Highway Pilot
Self-driving technology holds the potential to greatly improve traffic safety and efficiency. It can also make you feel like a VIP everywhere you go. Momenta, a self-driving startup based in Suzhou and Beijing, recently showcased its Mpilot ...

September 18, 2019
Jump Start the Next Decade of Transportation at GTC 2020
Autonomous shuttles easing the hassle of first- and last-mile transit. Level 2+ and higher automated vehicles relieving the stress of highway traffic jams. Robotaxis providing inexpensive, round-the-clock urban transportation. As we enter the next ...

September 18, 2019
Food’s Flying off the Shelves: Focal Systems Brings AI to Grocery Stores
We’ve all chosen the self-checkout stand over the human cashier, thinking it’ll take less time. But somehow, things take a terrible turn. The barcodes aren’t scanning, there’s a pop-up scolding you for not placing the product in the bagging area ...

September 18, 2019
Artist's NVIDIA-Powered AI Images of New York City Blanket Manhattan Landmark
NVIDIA-developed AI — and NVIDIA GPUs — plays a starring role in the opening this month in New York City of a permanent venue for new media art. “Machine Hallucination” made its debut this month in the 6,000-square-foot Chelsea Market boiler room — ...

September 17, 2019
Seasons of Learning: 700+ Interns Take NVIDIA by Storm
There are no coffee runs in sight for NVIDIA interns. Unless it involves building vehicles to make those runs autonomously. This year, more than 700 interns have joined NVIDIA across 30 global locations, most during the summer. Representing 120 ...

September 13, 2019
NVIDIA Software Head Helps Transform Alma Mater into Leading AI Center with $34M Gift
Three decades and hundreds of millions of lines of computer code after graduating from the Milwaukee School of Engineering, NVIDIA’s Dwight Diercks returned today to celebrate a donation that will put his alma mater at the forefront of AI ...

September 13, 2019
It’s Electric: NVIDIA Partners Generate Buzz at IAA in Frankfurt
From high-performance electric vehicles to AI-powered offroaders, this year’s International Motor Show (IAA) in Frankfurt, Germany, is extending how and where new vehicle technology will travel. And NVIDIA partners are leading the charge. Vehicle ...

September 12, 2019
Cure for the Common Code: San Francisco Startup Uses AI to Automate Medical Coding
Doctors’ handwriting is notoriously difficult to read. Even more cryptic is medical coding — the process of turning a clinician’s notes into a set of alphanumeric codes representing every diagnosis and procedure. Although this system is used in over ...

September 11, 2019
Mellanox to Ship Record of More Than One Million ConnectX Adapters in Q3 2019
Recently Introduced ConnectX-6 Dx and BlueField-2 SmartNICs and I/O Processing Units (IPUs) are Expected to Fuel Further Growth
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd., a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced it is on...


September 11, 2019
Searching for a Parking Spot? AI Got It
Anyone who’s circled a busy parking lot or city block knows that finding an open spot can be tricky. Faded line markings. Big trucks hiding smaller cars. Other drivers on the hunt. It all can turn a quick trip to the store into a high-stress ordeal. ...

September 11, 2019
Let Them Eat Take-Out: Kiwibots Bring Sustenance to Students
College students are many things — sleepy, overly caffeinated, stressed — but above all, they are hungry. Kiwi Campus is here to help. Co-founder and CEO of Kiwi Campus, Felipe Chávez, joined AI Podcast host Noah Kravitz to talk about Kiwi and its ...

September 26, 2019
A Stream Come True: NVIDIA RTX Broadcast Engine Brings Twitch Livestreams to Life with AI
Leading into TwitchCon — the world’s top gathering of livestreamers — we’re announcing the RTX Broadcast Engine, a new set of RTX-accelerated software development kits that use the AI capabilities of GeForce RTX GPUs to transform livestreams. ...

September 25, 2019
Say Yes to the AI Dress: Entrepreneur Brings GPUs to Fashion
In the future imagined by Pinar Yanardag, a postdoctoral research associate at MIT Media Lab, AI will collaborate with humans, not replace them. This is the concept behind her project, “How to Generate (Almost) Anything,” which she created with ...

September 25, 2019
Mellanox Announces Support Solutions for SONiC Open Source Network Operating System
First Switch Vendor to Offer Full-Stack Support for SONiC Alongside Expanded Portfolio of OCP SmartNICs to Simplify Open Networking in Cloud, Telco and Enterprise Data Centers
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd., a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced...


September 25, 2019
TB or Not TB: AI-Powered App Aids Treatment of Tuberculosis
Despite being treatable, tuberculosis kills 1.6 million people every year. This is because TB treatment is time- and cost-intensive, requiring extensive patient monitoring. In developing countries, where the disease is most deadly, monitoring ...

September 25, 2019
Good Foundations: Visionary Architecture Firm Deploys NVIDIA RTX to Enhance Design from All Angles
One of the world’s leading architecture firms is taking its path-breaking designs to the next level with ray tracing, using NVIDIA RTX technology. Zaha Hadid Architects, based in London, has created some of the world’s most singular building ...

September 24, 2019
AI with Appeal: Banana Farmers Spot Crop Disease, Pests with Deep Learning
Bananas are the world’s favorite fruit. If you don’t count tomatoes as fruit. (And really, who does?) But banana crops around the globe are afflicted by diseases and pests that threaten the livelihoods of small-scale farmers, most of whom rely on ...

September 23, 2019
AI Builds AI: Startup’s AI Generates Compact Neural Networks
University of Waterloo researcher Alexander Wong didn’t have enough processing power for his computer vision startup, so he developed a workaround. That workaround is now the company’s product. Ontario-based DarwinAI, founded by a team from the ...

September 20, 2019
Amazon Brings AI Performance to the Cloud with NVIDIA T4 GPUs
Automated yet human-like customer service. Professional workstation performance on any connected device. Cinematic-quality PC gaming. These are a few of the diverse capabilities coming to cloud users with NVIDIA T4 Tensor Core GPUs now in general ...

September 19, 2019
AI Goes to Washington: Top 5 Things to See at GTC DC
The center of the AI ecosystem shifts to D.C. this fall, when the GPU Technology Conference arrives at the Reagan Center in Washington, from Nov. 4-6. GTC DC will bring together some 3,000 attendees from government and industry for three days of ...

September 18, 2019
Now for the Soft Part: For AI, Hardware’s Just the Start, NVIDIA’s Ian Buck Says
Great processors — and great hardware — won’t be enough to propel the AI revolution forward, Ian Buck, vice president and general manager of NVIDIA’s accelerated computing business, said Wednesday at the AI Hardware Summit. “We’re bringing AI ...

October 08, 2019
Mellanox to Report Third Quarter 2019 Financial Results on October 30, 2019
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that it will...


October 07, 2019
Mellanox Releases Independent Report Demonstrating ConnectX Ethernet NICs Outperform Competition and Ships First ConnectX-6 Dx Secure SmartNICs
ConnectX Delivers Higher Performance, Scalability and Efficiency for Cloud Networking Workloads in Side-by-Side Comparison
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that...


October 07, 2019
Bird’s-AI View: How Deep Learning Helps Ornithologists Track Migration Patterns
Billions of birds in North America make the trek south each fall, migrating in pursuit of warmer winter temperatures. But at least a quarter of them don’t make it back to northern breeding grounds in the spring, falling victim to predators, weather ...

October 04, 2019
Answering the Call: NVIDIA CEO to Detail How AI Will Revolutionize 5G, IoT
Highlighting the growing excitement at the intersection of AI, 5G and IoT, NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang kicks off the Mobile World Congress Los Angeles 2019 Monday, Oct. 21. The keynote, NVIDIA’s debut at the wireless industry’s highest-profile gathering ...

October 04, 2019
AI Space Odyssey: Deep Learning Aids Astronomers Study Galaxies
The Milky Way is on a collision course with the neighboring Andromeda galaxy. But no need to revise your will — the two star systems won’t meet for around 4 billion years. “At some point in every galaxy’s life, it’ll undergo one of these mergers,” ...

October 03, 2019
Streaming from a Cloud Near You: SAFMAR Group, LG U+ and SoftBank Grow Cloud Gaming Globally Through GeForce NOW Alliance
The GeForce NOW Alliance has been spreading cloud gaming’s reach across the globe. That continued today as SAFMAR Group announced the launch of GeForce NOW in Russia as GFN.RU. That means the throngs of Russian gamers who have been patiently waiting ...

October 02, 2019
GauGAN Rocket Man: Conceptual Artist Uses AI Tools for Sci-Fi Modeling
Have you ever wondered what it takes to produce the complex imagery in films like Star Wars or Transformers? The man behind the magic, Colie Wertz, is here to explain. Wertz is a conceptual artist and modeler who works on film, television and video ...

October 01, 2019
Teen AI Developer Builds Early Detection Tool for Brain Disease
Some teens might feel the pressure of having an older sibling as accomplished as 19-year-old Kavya Kopparapu, a Harvard sophomore named last year a U.S. Presidential Scholar and one of TIME’s 25 Most Influential Teens. But high school senior ...

September 30, 2019
Michigan Startup Gets Customer Traction for Conversational AI Research
In the wake of Amazon’s boffo Alexa voice debut, a University of Michigan team published pioneering research on building conversational AI, attracting a wave of customer interest. Jason Mars, a professor advising them, suggested they form a startup. ...

September 27, 2019
Broadcasting Live From the Future: Ray Tracing Comes to Live TV with NVIDIA RTX
Move over, Emmy awards. Real-time ray tracing just stole the spotlight in broadcast television. Riot Games used The Future Group’s Pixotope mixed-reality virtual production software to deliver the first real-time ray-traced live broadcast, at The ...

October 18, 2019
Racking Up a Super Celebration: Tech Marks Exascale Day
If you ever need an excuse to unleash your inner geek, try this — October 18 is now National Exascale Day. It’s not a mega-match for a new weight class of outsized wrestlers. It’s a celebration of a new generation of supercomputers being born. ...

October 17, 2019
The Real Cutting-Edge: Proprio Fuses AI, VR, Computer Vision for Precision in Surgery
When Seattle-based startup Proprio Vision says its technology for fusing human and computer vision is cutting edge, they mean it. While steady hands are an asset during surgery, seeing clearly is critical. This is why surgeons depend on a variety of ...

October 17, 2019
Put AI Label On It: Startup Aids Annotators of Healthcare Training Data
Deep learning applications are data hungry. The more high-quality labeled data a developer feeds an AI model, the more accurate its inferences. But creating robust datasets is the biggest obstacle for data scientists and developers building machine ...

October 17, 2019
The Buck Starts Here: NVIDIA’s Ian Buck on What’s Next for the AI Revolution
AI is still young, but software is available to help even relatively unsophisticated users harness it. That’s according to Ian Buck, general manager of NVIDIA’s accelerated computing group, who shared his views in our latest AI Podcast. Buck, who ...

October 15, 2019
Mellanox Propels NVMe/TCP and RoCE Fabrics to New Heights
ConnectX SmartNICs and BlueField I/O Processing Units (IPUs) are First 200Gb/s Adapters to Support NVMe-oF over TCP and RoCE as well as IPsec and TLS Security Acceleration
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced...

October 14, 2019
Heard Mentality: AI Voice Startup Helps Hear Customer Pain Points
Eleven years ago, Carnegie Mellon University alumni Anthony Gadient, Edward Lin and Rob Rutenbar were hunkered down in a garage, chowing pizza over late nights of coding. Eighteen months later, voice startup Voci emerged as a spinout from CMU. Voci, ...

October 13, 2019
What Is Federated Learning?
The key to becoming a medical specialist, in any discipline, is experience. Knowing how to interpret symptoms, which move to make next in critical situations, and which treatment to provide — it all comes down to the training you’ve had and the ...

October 11, 2019
NVIDIA Collaborates with UCSF on AI Center for Radiology
University of California, San Francisco, one of the world’s top medical schools for research, unveiled today a center to develop AI tools for clinical radiology — leveraging the NVIDIA Clara healthcare toolkit and the powerful NVIDIA DGX-2 AI ...

October 10, 2019
Rise of the Machine Learning: How AI Helps Create Photorealistic Digital Humans
Meet DigiDoug, the first digital human to give a TED talk in real time. DigiDoug is the virtual version of Dr. Doug Roble, senior director of Software R&D at Digital Domain, the award-winning visual effects studio behind the characters and visual ...

October 08, 2019
Top Experts from Government, Industry Join to Take On Critical AI Issues at GTC DC
Influential leaders and industry experts will give an inside look at AI policy matters at GTC DC, the largest AI conference in Washington, from Nov. 4-6. Key topics to be focused on include the national AI strategy, cybersecurity, healthcare, ...

October 22, 2019
What Is Edge Computing?
Edge computing and doughnuts share something in common: the closer they are to the consumer, the better. A trip to the corner doughnut shop may be deliciously quick. But a box of doughnuts within reach of your desk is instant gratification. The same ...

October 22, 2019
NVIDIA CloudXR Delivers Low-Latency AR/VR Streaming Over 5G Networks to Any Device
Enterprises can now deliver virtual and augmented reality experiences across 5G networks to any device with the introduction of NVIDIA CloudXR. Built on NVIDIA GPU technology, the new NVIDIA CloudXR software development kit helps businesses create ...

October 22, 2019
Harvard Business Review Names NVIDIA’s Jensen Huang World’s Top CEO
The ​Harvard Business Review has named NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang the world’s top performing CEO. The prestigious management publication put Huang at the top of its list, unveiled Monday, as part of its annual ranking of the world’s 100 ...

October 21, 2019
5G Meets AI: NVIDIA CEO Details ‘Smart Everything Revolution,’ EGX for Edge AI, Partnerships with Leading Companies
The smartphone revolution that’s swept the globe over the past decade is just the start, NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang declared Monday. Next up: the “smart everything revolution,” Huang told a crowd of hundreds from telcos, device manufacturers, ...

October 21, 2019
Ericsson and NVIDIA Collaborate to Accelerate Virtualized 5G Radio Access Networks with GPUs
Joint Initiative Aimed at Enabling Telcos to Build High-Performing, Efficient and Completely Virtualized 5G Radio Access Networks
Mobile World Congress — NVIDIA and Ericsson today announced they are collaborating on technologies that can allow telco operators to build high-performing, efficient and completely virtualized 5G radio access networks (RAN). These virtualized ...

October 21, 2019
NVIDIA with Microsoft Announces Technology Collaboration for Era of Intelligent Edge
Microsoft’s Intelligent Edge Solutions Extended with NVIDIA T4 GPUs to Help Accelerate AI Across Industries
Mobile World Congress — NVIDIA with Microsoft Corp. today announced a technology collaboration focused on intelligent edge computing, designed to help industries better manage and gain insights from the growing flood of data created by retail ...

October 21, 2019
NVIDIA CEO Introduces Aerial — Software to Accelerate 5G on NVIDIA GPUs
Speeding the mass adoption of AI at the 5G edge, NVIDIA has introduced Aerial, a software developer kit enabling GPU-accelerated, software-defined wireless radio access networks. In his keynote at Mobile World Congress Los Angeles, NVIDIA founder ...

October 21, 2019
NVIDIA EGX Supercomputing Platform Simplifies AI Deployments to the Edge with Enterprise Kubernetes
AI is no longer just a research project. It’s solving real-world problems for organizations, which now need to figure out where to deploy their AI models to make faster decisions. With the convergence of AI, the Internet of Things and the ...

October 21, 2019
New NVIDIA EGX Edge Supercomputing Platform Accelerates AI, IoT, 5G at the Edge
BMW, NTT East, Procter & Gamble, Samsung Electronics, Walmart Among First to Deploy EGX Platform, Delivering AI to Factories, Wireless Networks, Stores
Mobile World Congress -- NVIDIA today announced the NVIDIA EGX Edge Supercomputing Platform – a high-performance, cloud-native platform that lets organizations harness rapidly streaming data from factory floors, manufacturing inspection lines and ...

October 21, 2019
Red Hat and NVIDIA Team to Bring High-Performance, Software-Defined 5G RAN to Telecom Industry
Mobile World Congress — NVIDIA and Red Hat, the world’s leading provider of open source solutions, today announced they are expanding their alliance to deliver ...

October 28, 2019
How to Streamline the Path to an AI Infrastructure
Organizations are looking to AI to improve processes, reduce costs and achieve better results. However, AI workloads pose a different set of challenges than business workloads supported by corporate IT. If businesses don’t pay attention to the ...

October 28, 2019
Future of Streaming Entertainment Starts Today with Launch of NVIDIA SHIELD TV, Starting at $149
New Tegra X1+ Processor and Deep Learning Technology Power Advanced AI Upscaling, Dolby Atmos, Dolby Vision
NVIDIA today raised the bar higher still for streaming media players — unveiling the next generation of SHIELD™ TV, which delivers unmatched levels of home entertainment, gaming and AI capabilities right into the living room, starting at $149.

October 27, 2019
AI’s Latest Adventure Turns Pets into GANimals
Imagine your Labrador’s smile on a lion or your feline’s finicky smirk on a tiger. Such a leap is easy for humans to perform, with our memories full of images. But the same task has been a tough challenge for computers — until the GANimal. A team of ...

October 25, 2019
Clean Sweep: Tokyo Robotics Company Builds Tidying Robots
Though creating an autonomous robot that can tidy a room seems like enough of an achievement, Tokyo-based Preferred Networks goes one step further. By integrating natural language processing into their technology, their robots respond to commands ...

October 25, 2019
AI Gold Seen in Healthcare’s Mountain of Waste
A new report estimates the cost of waste in the U.S. healthcare system alone ranges as high as $935 billion a year, about 25 percent of total healthcare spending. A growing army of startups and established practitioners sees the inefficiencies as a ...

October 24, 2019
AI’s New Onramp: Meet the Data Science PC
The trip to AI and big-data analytics is now just a click away. Starting today, three NVIDIA partners are selling online a new class of computers we call data science PCs. The systems bundle the hardware and software data scientists need to hit an ...

October 23, 2019
Keys to the (Smart) City: NVIDIA Powers Mini AI Metropolis at MWC Los Angeles
This neighborhood has shopping, cafes, even a place to go to school. But it happens to fit nearly inside a 2,000 square-foot trade show booth, showing off smart city technology. With a miniature town erected on the show floor, NVIDIA welcomed more ...

October 23, 2019
Pixel-Perfect Perception: How AI Helps Autonomous Vehicles See Outside the Box
For highly complex driving scenarios, it’s helpful for the autonomous vehicle’s perception system to provide a more detailed understanding of its surroundings. With our panoptic segmentation DNN approach, we can obtain such fine-grained results by ...

October 23, 2019
Deep Learning Detects Brain Hemorrhages with Accuracy Rivaling Experts
There’s a maxim in stroke treatment: “time is brain.” It’s a reminder that during a stroke, human nervous tissue is lost at an alarming rate. From the onset of a brain injury and the start of medical treatment, every moment matters. Researchers at ...

October 23, 2019
Pixel-Perfect Perception: How AI Helps Autonomous Vehicles See Outside the Box
A self-driving car’s view of the world often includes bounding boxes — cars, pedestrians and stop signs neatly encased in red and green rectangles. In the real world, however, not everything fits in a box. The post Pixel-Perfect Perception: How AI ...

November 01, 2019
What’s the Difference Between NVIDIA RTX and GTX?
When it comes to gaming, new graphics means a new way to see the world. The NVIDIA Turing GPU architecture powers both the GeForce RTX 20-Series and GTX 16-Series cards. As the world’s most advanced architecture, Turing brings exceptional ...

November 01, 2019
Bumper Crop of AI Helps Farmers Whack Weeds, Pesticide Use
Weeds compete with neighboring crops for light, water and nutrients, costing the farming industry billions each year in agricultural yield. To keep a better eye on fields, improve crop yields and reduce the use of pesticides, farmers and agriculture ...

October 31, 2019
Street Dreams: NVIDIA DRIVE AI Innovations Wow Smart Mobility Conference
Our phones, homes and televisions have all had an IQ upgrade in the past decade. Now, it’s time for the way we travel to get smart. At the Smart Mobility Conference in Tel Aviv this week, members of the NVIDIA DRIVE ecosystem showed the latest in ...

October 31, 2019
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for Third-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of CallSANTA CLARA, Calif., Oct. 31, 2019 NVIDIA will host a conference call on Thursday, November 14, at 2:30 p.m. PT (5:30 p.m. ET) to discuss ...

October 31, 2019
NoTraffic, No Problems: AI Startup Improves Intersections
Israel-based technology company NoTraffic is using AI to transform intersections from danger zones to intelligent decision makers, cutting time delays and carbon dioxide emissions. Next week, NoTraffic’s Yoav Valinsky, a computer vision researcher, ...

October 30, 2019
Picture-Perfect Product Help: AI Startup Brings Computer Vision to Customer Service
When your appliances break, the last thing you want to do is spend an hour on the phone trying to reach a customer service representative. Using computer vision, Drishyam.AI is eliminating service lines to help consumers more quickly. Satish ...

October 30, 2019
Mellanox Delivers Record Revenue for the Third Quarter of 2019
Achieves $335.3 million revenue, up 20% year-over-year and up 8% quarter-over-quarter; Trailing 12 months GAAP operating margin 14.5%; Non-GAAP operating margin 27.8%; Record cash flow from operations of $130 million
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced preliminary...

October 29, 2019
Connecting the Dots: Domino Data Lab Drops Into Data Science Wave
Event opportunity: Join Josh Poduska, Domino Data Lab’s chief data scientist, who will be presenting at GTC DC on Tuesday, Nov. 5. As Wall Street was morphing into a game of quants, Nick Elprin, Christopher Yang and Matthew Granade saw something big ...

October 29, 2019
DC Startup Casts an AI Net to Stop Phishing and Malware
When the price went way up on a key service a small Washington, D.C., firm was using to protect its customers’ internet connectivity, the company balked. After not finding a suitable alternative, the company decided to build its own. The result was ...

October 29, 2019
A Hero for Every Gamer: NVIDIA Introduces New GeForce GTX SUPER Series
GTX 1660 SUPER Takes Baton from GTX 1060, The World’s Most Popular GPU
In the latest addition to its GeForce® GTX® family of gaming GPUs, NVIDIA today unveiled the GeForce GTX 1660 SUPER -- the successor to its most successful GPU ever -- as well as the GeForce 1650 SUPER.

November 07, 2019
Under the Microscope: Top Pathology Lab Fuses Data Sources to Develop Cancer-Detecting AI
Pathologists agreed just three-quarters of the time when diagnosing breast cancer from biopsy specimens, according to a recent study. The difficult, time-consuming process of analyzing tissue slides is why pathology is one of the most expensive ...

November 06, 2019
NVIDIA Shows Its Prowess in First AI Inference Benchmarks
Those who are keeping score in AI know that NVIDIA GPUs set the performance standards for training neural networks in data centers in December and again in July. Industry benchmarks released today show we’re setting the pace for running those AI ...

November 06, 2019
NVIDIA Wins New AI Inference Benchmarks
NVIDIA Turing GPUs and NVIDIA Xavier Achieve Fastest Results on MLPerf Benchmarks Measuring Data Center and Edge AI Inference Performance
NVIDIA today posted the fastest results on new benchmarks measuring the performance of AI inference workloads in data centers and at the edge — building on the company’s equally strong position in recent benchmarks measuring AI training.

November 06, 2019
NVIDIA Announces Jetson Xavier NX, World’s Smallest Supercomputer for AI at the Edge
Latest Addition to Jetson Product Family Brings Xavier Performance to Nano Form Factor for $399
NVIDIA today introduced Jetson Xavier™ NX, the world’s smallest, most powerful AI supercomputer for robotic and embedded computing devices at the edge.

November 06, 2019
AI4Good: Canadian Lab Empowers Women in Computer Science
Doina Precup is applying Romanian wisdom to the gender gap in the fields of AI and computer science. The associate professor at McGill University and research team lead at AI startup DeepMind spoke with AI Podcast host Noah Kravitz about her ...

November 05, 2019
Special Delivery: With US Postal Service on Board, NVIDIA to Enable AI Deployment, NVIDIA’s Ian Buck Says
The AI revolution is here — as near as the closest mailbox — and the time’s right to put AI to work solving your organization’s biggest challenges, NVIDIA’s Ian Buck said Tuesday. Kicking off the Washington edition of our GPU Technology Conference, ...

November 05, 2019
NVIDIA Provides U.S. Postal Service AI Technology to Improve Delivery Service
Advanced AI System to Process Package Data 10x Faster with Higher Accuracy
NVIDIA today announced that the United States Postal Service – the world’s largest postal service, with 485 million mail pieces processed and delivered daily – is adopting end-to-end AI technology from NVIDIA to improve its package data processing ...

November 04, 2019
AI Takes Pole Position: Enthusiasts Adopt Jetson Nano for DIY Robocars Race
Conference opportunity: To learn more about robotics, sign up here for our GPU Technology Conference in Washington, D.C., where you can find the NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute course Getting Started with AI on Jetson Nano. Stock cars zigzag to the ...

November 04, 2019
Closing the AI Skills Gap: Deep Learning Institute Adds A Dozen New Courses
From finding the best sushi near you to improving the manufacturing process of industrial components to making the car you drive safer, AI is advancing convenience, productivity and reliability across industries. But taking advantage of the power of ...

November 04, 2019
Easier, Better, Faster, Stronger: Adobe Apps Get Supercharged by NVIDIA RTX GPUs
From David LaChapelle to M. Night Shyamalan to Dave Grohl, the world’s leading creative minds have descended upon Los Angeles this week for Adobe MAX to talk about how technology is improving the way they work. This year, we’re helping supercharge ...

November 14, 2019
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Third Quarter Fiscal 2020
NVIDIA today reported revenue for the third quarter ended Oct. 27, 2019, of $3.01 billion compared with $3.18 billion a year earlier and $2.58 billion in the previous quarter.

November 14, 2019
Mellanox Introduces Mellanox Skyway™ 200 Gigabit HDR InfiniBand to Ethernet Gateway Appliance for High Performance and Cloud Data Centers
Enabling Scalable and Efficient Connectivity from the High Performance, Extremely Low Latency InfiniBand Data Centers to External Ethernet Networks
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today introduced Mellanox...


November 14, 2019
Mellanox Introduces Quantum LongReach Appliance, Extending 100G EDR and 200G HDR InfiniBand Connectivity to 10 and 40 Kilometers
Based on the 200 HDR InfiniBand Mellanox Quantumâ„¢ Switch, the LongReach Family of Products Seamlessly Connects InfiniBand Data Centers 10 and 40 Kilometers Apart, Enabling Native RDMA Connectivity Across Distributed Compute or Storage Platforms
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today introduced the...


November 13, 2019
Six New Teams Vie to Take Crown in Student Cluster Challenge at SC19
Let the supercomputing games begin. In an around-the-clock race spanning two days, the annual Supercomputing Conference Student Cluster Competition will feature 16 teams of undergraduates tackling real-world computing workloads using NVIDIA Tesla ...

November 13, 2019
At RSNA, Healthcare Startups Shine Spotlight on AI for Radiology
Radiology leaders have gathered for over 100 years running at RSNA, the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America, to discuss the industry’s latest challenges and opportunities. In recent years, AI in medical imaging has become a ...

November 12, 2019
First Time’s the Charm: Sydney Startup Uses AI to Improve IVF Success Rate
In vitro fertilization, a common treatment for infertility, is a lengthy undertaking for prospective parents, involving ultrasounds, blood tests and injections of fertility medications. If the process doesn’t end up in a successful pregnancy — which ...

November 11, 2019
In the AI of the Storm: Accelerating Disaster Relief Efforts with Artificial Intelligence
With lives at stake, and the clock ticking, mastering disaster may be the ultimate AI challenge. Teams from Johns Hopkins University, Lockheed Martin, the U.S. Department of Defense’s Joint Artificial Intelligence Center and NVIDIA Wednesday ...

November 08, 2019
At GTC DC, Experts Describe Why Diversity in AI Makes a World of Difference
When Megan Gray, CEO of Moment AI, first tested one of her company’s services — a tool using AI to determine facial signs indicating a driver may have fallen asleep or suffered a medical issue — it didn’t work. “The technology worked on our CTO, who ...

November 07, 2019
Transportation's Capital: Autonomous Vehicles Get a Move on at GTC DC
Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays the coming of autonomous vehicle technology, according to the U.S. Postal Service. The USPS Wednesday discussed the results of its autonomous mail delivery pilot with NVIDIA DRIVE ecosystem ...

November 07, 2019
Clearing the Air: NASA Scientists Use NVIDIA RAPIDS to Accelerate Pollution Forecasts
Air quality is a vastly underestimated problem, said NASA research scientist Christoph Keller in a talk at this week’s GTC DC, the Washington edition of NVIDIA’s GPU Technology Conference. Nine in 10 people breathe polluted air, and millions of ...

November 18, 2019
NVIDIA and Tech Leaders Team to Build GPU-Accelerated Arm Servers for New Era of Diverse HPC Architectures
Arm, Ampere, Cray, Fujitsu, HPE, Marvell to Build NVIDIA GPU-Accelerated Servers for Hyperscale-Cloud to Edge, Simulation to AI, High-Performance Storage to Exascale Supercomputing
SC19 — NVIDIA today introduced a reference design platform that enables companies to quickly build GPU-accelerated Arm®-based servers, driving a new era of high performance computing for a growing range of applications in science and industry.

November 18, 2019
NVIDIA Announces Scalable GPU-Accelerated Supercomputer in the Microsoft Azure Cloud
New Microsoft Azure NDv2 Supersized Instance Can Scale to Hundreds of Interconnected NVIDIA Tensor Core GPUs for Complex AI and High Performance Computing Applications
SC19 -- NVIDIA today announced the availability of a new kind of GPU-accelerated supercomputer in the cloud on Microsoft Azure.

November 18, 2019
Fujitsu Selects InfiniBand to Accelerate Their New Arm-Based PRIMEHPC FX700 Supercomputer Platform
The Combination Fujitsu Supercomputing Technology and Mellanox's InfiniBand In-Network Computing Technology Builds the Path for Exascale Computing
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for datacenter servers and storage systems, today announced that...


November 18, 2019
200G HDR InfiniBand Accelerates 31% of New InfiniBand Systems on November's TOP500, Including Fastest 2019-Built TOP500 Supercomputer
Mellanox InfiniBand and Ethernet Solutions Connect 297 Systems or 59% of Overall TOP500 Platforms, Demonstrating 12% Growth Year over Year (Nov'18-Nov'19); InfiniBand Accelerates 141 Systems, 12% Growth in 6 Months (June'19-Nov'19), Including Six of the Top Ten Supercomputers in the World and the Top Three; Mellanox 25 Gigabit and Faster Ethernet Solutions Connect 60% of Total Ethernet Systems, Representing 20% Growth Year over Year
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that 200...


November 18, 2019
200 Gigabit HDR InfiniBand Boosts Microsoft Azure High-Performance Computing Cloud Instances
The HDR InfiniBand Connected Virtual Machines Deliver Leadership-Class Performance, Scalability, and Cost Efficiency for a Variety of Real-World HPC Applications
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), ), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that...


November 15, 2019
What’s the Difference Between Single-, Double-, Multi- and Mixed-Precision Computing?
There are a few different ways to think about pi. As apple, pumpkin and key lime … or as the different ways to represent the mathematical constant of ℼ, 3.14159, or, in binary, a long line of ones and zeroes. An irrational number, pi has decimal ...

November 15, 2019
At SC19, GPU Accelerators Power Supercomputers to AI and Exascale
The Mile High City plays host next week to SC19, where GPUs will be key ingredients for computational science in some of the world’s most powerful supercomputers. The race to AI and to exascale performance will be much of the buzz at the annual ...

November 15, 2019
GeForce NOW Brings PC Gaming to Every Device, Everywhere
It’s open — yet home to the most demanding gamers and games. It’s backwards compatible — yet powerful enough to deliver on the promise of whatever’s next. These paradoxes don’t just keep PC gamers hooked. They give PC gamers the ultimate power — of ...

November 15, 2019
Eni Doubles Up on GPUs for 52 Petaflops Supercomputer
Italy energy company Eni is upgrading its supercomputer with another helping of NVIDIA GPUs aimed at making it the most powerful industrial system in the world. The news comes a little more than two weeks before SC19, the annual supercomputing event ...

November 15, 2019
Top European Supercomputer Shines Brighter with 70-Petaflops Booster Module
Jülich Research Center — long counted among high performance computing royalty in Europe — is adding a new gem to its crown. The center, known in German as Forschungszentrum Jülich, is extending its JUWELS supercomputer system with a booster module. ...

November 19, 2019
NVIDIA Takes RTX, AI and CloudXR to Autodesk University
From architectural design to virtual productions, NVIDIA RTX is taking visualizations to the next level — and you can see it all at Autodesk University, which runs Nov. 18-21 in Las Vegas. Over 11,000 professionals from the engineering, construction ...

November 19, 2019
Record 136 NVIDIA GPU-Accelerated Supercomputers Feature in TOP500 Ranking
The new wave of supercomputers is largely GPU accelerated, the latest TOP500 list of the world’s fastest systems shows. Of the 102 new supercomputers to join the closely watched ranking, 42 use NVIDIA GPU accelerators — including AiMOS, the most ...

November 19, 2019
IT4Innovations National Supercomputing Center, a EuroHPC Supercomputing Site, Selected Mellanox 200G HDR InfiniBand to Accelerate Their New Research Infrastructure
HDR InfiniBand Provides IT4Innovations with a World-Leading High Performance and Scalable Data Center Infrastructure for Accelerating Academic and Scientific Activities
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that 200G...


November 19, 2019
200 Gigabit HDR InfiniBand to Accelerate Eni Supercomputing Platform, to Become World's Most Powerful Industrial Supercomputer
The Global Oil and Gas Company Will Leverage HDR InfiniBand Performance Advantages to Connect Most Efficiently a 52-Petaflop Compute Platform and a 15-Petabyte Storage System
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that 200...


November 19, 2019
Beijing Meteorological Service Selects 200 Gigabit HDR InfiniBand to Accelerate New Supercomputing Platform
The New System Will Enable a More Accurate Smart Meteorological Service, and Provide Weather Forecasting Information for the China 2022 Winter Olympics
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), ), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that...


November 18, 2019
Expanding Universe for HPC, NVIDIA CEO Brings GPU Acceleration to Arm
Broadening support for GPU-accelerated supercomputing to a fast-growing new platform, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang Monday introduced a reference design for building GPU-accelerated Arm servers, with wide industry backing. Huang — speaking ...

November 18, 2019
New IBM Supercomputer Optimized for NVIDIA GPUs to Bring Better Weather Predictions Worldwide
India is still recovering from one of the worst monsoons in decades. But work from IBM on global weather forecasts could make evacuations a quicker call next time. This past monsoon season at its peak — from August to September — dumped the largest ...

November 18, 2019
NVIDIA and Partners Bring AI Supercomputing to Enterprises
Academia, hyperscalers and scientific researchers have been big beneficiaries of high performance computing and AI infrastructure. Yet businesses have largely been on the outside looking in. No longer. NVIDIA DGX SuperPOD provides businesses a ...

November 18, 2019
How NASA Is Helping Humans Reach the Red Planet, Using GPUs and 3D Visualization
It can take up to 10 months for a spacecraft to get from Earth to Mars. But the entire journey can be in vain if something goes wrong in the last six minutes. That’s how long the vehicle has to slow from its initial descent rate of 12,000 miles per ...

November 18, 2019
NVIDIA Launches Magnum IO Software Suite to Help Eliminate Data Bottlenecks for Data Scientists and AI, HPC Researchers
New Offering Moves Vast Amounts of Data up to 20x Faster Than Previously Possible
SC19 -- NVIDIA today introduced NVIDIA Magnum IO, a suite of software to help data scientists and AI and high performance computing researchers process massive amounts of data in minutes, rather than hours.

November 22, 2019
Driving First Class: Mercedes-Benz Gives Ultra-Luxury, Performance the AI Treatment
AI is now riding in the lap of luxury. Mercedes-Benz just took the wraps off the much-anticipated Mercedes-Maybach GLS SUV — the largest model under the ultra-luxury brand today. The marquee feature of the vehicle’s interior is the MBUX intelligent ...

November 22, 2019
GPU-Powered Semi Simulation Snags Coveted Research Award
Researchers tapped GPUs in the world’s most powerful supercomputer to set a record simulating current flows through a chip, snagging the 2019 Gordon Bell prize, awarded at this week’s SC19 supercomputing show. Their work could shed light on a wide ...

November 21, 2019
Smart into Art: NVIDIA SC19 Booth Turns Computer Scientists into Art at News-Filled Show
Back in the day, the annual SC supercomputing conference was filled with tabletops hung with research posters. Three decades on, the show’s Denver edition this week was a sea of sharp-angled booths, crowned with three-dimensional signage, promoting ...

November 21, 2019
MIT Students Kick Self-Driving Mini-Cars into High Gear with GPU-Powered Data Science Workstations
Students at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology are learning about autonomous driving by taking NVIDIA-powered data science workstations for a spin. In an undergraduate robotics class at MIT, 17 students were organized into three teams and ...

November 21, 2019
Speaking the Same Language: How Oracle’s Conversational AI Serves Customers
At Oracle, customer service chatbots use conversational AI to respond to consumers with more speed and complexity. Suhas Uliyar, vice president for product management for digital assistance and AI at Oracle, stopped by to talk to AI Podcast host ...

November 21, 2019
RTX On: Chaos V-Ray GPU Next and Blender Cycles Now Shipping with RTX Support
From animators creating complex scenes with realistic 3D characters to architects designing buildings with accurate reflections, real-time ray tracing and AI are proving to be game-changers across industries. And now more of the world’s top ...

November 21, 2019
Mellanox 200 Gigabit HDR InfiniBand Advances Innovations in High-Performance Computing and Artificial Intelligence
Mellanox Teams with Dell Technologies to Enable Supercomputing Platforms with Highest Levels of Performance and Efficiency for Commercial, Research, and Scientific Applications
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, announced today the...


November 20, 2019
NVIDIA and Microsoft Team Up to Aid AI Startups
NVIDIA and Microsoft are teaming up to provide the world’s most innovative young companies with access to their respective accelerator programs for AI startups. Members of NVIDIA Inception and Microsoft for Startups can now receive all the benefits ...

November 20, 2019
HDR InfiniBand Selected by Meteo France to Accelerate Two New Large Scale Supercomputers
HDR InfiniBand Delivers Meteo France with Leading Performance and Scalability, Accelerating Supercomputing Compute and Storage Infrastructures to Deliver More Than Five Times Higher Production Capacity
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that HDR...


November 19, 2019
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community: Credit Suisse Annual Technology Conference, Tuesday, Dec. 3, at 9:55 a.m. Mountain ...

December 06, 2019
Visual Effects Studio Pioneers RTX Servers to Boost Final-Frame Rendering
Creating cinematic-quality visuals has traditionally been a time-consuming, costly process. But that’s changing, with UNIT, a London-based visual effects company pioneering the use of NVIDIA RTX Servers to dramatically accelerate the rendering ...

December 05, 2019
Pod Squad: Descript Uses AI to Make Managing Podcasts Quicker, Easier
You can’t have an AI podcast and not interview someone using AI to make podcasts better. That’s why we reached out to serial entrepreneur Andrew Mason to talk to him about what he’s doing now. His company, Descript Podcast Studio, uses AI, natural ...

December 05, 2019
Retail Therapy: Smart Carts Roll Out to Assist Shoppers and Avoid Checkouts
York Yang is a hardcore millennial: He doesn’t wait for restaurants or mass transit — he orders on-demand meals and wheels. And when it comes to grocery checkouts, he takes matters into his own hands. Yang and three co-founders started Caper, a ...

December 03, 2019
Road to Recovery: Jakarta Uses NVIDIA Metropolis to Retrieve Unpaid Vehicle Tax
With more than 10 million residents, Jakarta isn’t just one of the world’s most populous cities, it’s also one of the most congested — with 13 million motorcycles, 4.4 million cars and millions more trucks and vans. The costs are heavy for ...

December 03, 2019
AWS Outposts Station a GPU Garrison in Your Data Center
All the goodness of GPU acceleration on Amazon Web Services can now also run inside your own data center. AWS Outposts powered by NVIDIA T4 Tensor Core GPUs are generally available starting today. They bring cloud-based Amazon EC2 G4 instances ...

December 02, 2019
Healthcare Regulators Open the Tap for AI
Approvals for AI-based healthcare products are streaming in from regulators around the globe, with medical imaging leading the way. It’s just the start of what’s expected to become a steady flow as submissions rise and the technology becomes better ...

December 01, 2019
NVIDIA Clara Federated Learning to Deliver AI to Hospitals While Protecting Patient Data
With over 100 exhibitors at the annual Radiological Society of North America conference using NVIDIA technology to bring AI to radiology, 2019 looks to be a tipping point for AI in healthcare. Despite AI’s great potential, a key challenge remains: ...

November 27, 2019
Buzzworthy AI: Startup’s Robo-Hives Counter Bee Population Declines
Honeybee colonies worldwide are under siege by parasites, but they now have a white knight: a band of Israeli entrepreneurs bearing AI. Beewise, an Israel-based startup, is using AI in its small northern community on the border of Lebanon to monitor ...

November 26, 2019
Life Observed: Nobel Winner Sees Biology’s Future with GPUs
Five years ago, when Eric Betzig got the call he won a Nobel Prize for inventing a microscope that could see features as small as 20 nanometers, he was already working on a new one. The new device captures the equivalent of 3D video of living cells ...

November 25, 2019
Read ‘em and Reap: 6 Success Factors for AI Startups
Now that data is the new oil, AI software startups are sprouting across the tech terrain like pumpjacks in Texas. A whopping $80 billion in venture capital is fueling as many as 12,000 new companies. Only a few will tap a gusher. Those who do, ...

December 17, 2019
Introducing NVIDIA DRIVE AGX Orin: Vehicle Performance for the AI Era
A performance car isn’t judged on horsepower alone. Acceleration, braking, cornering speed and suspension are among the features that define how a car will fare on the road. The same is true for the processors inside an autonomous vehicle. While ...

December 16, 2019
New Year, New User Experience: NVIDIA vGPU Enhances Virtualization, Adds 8K VDI Display Support
Virtual workstations can now handle applications running at 8K resolution thanks to the latest release of NVIDIA virtual GPU (vGPU) technology. NVIDIA vGPU software delivers an improved user experience and the performance of the latest GPUs needed ...

December 12, 2019
AI Calling: How to Kickoff a Career in Data Science
Paul Mahler remembers the day in May 2013 he decided to make the switch. The former economist was waiting at a bus stop in Washington, D.C., reading the New York Times on his smartphone. He was struck by the story of a statistics professor who wrote ...

December 11, 2019
How AI Accelerates Blood Cell Analysis at Taiwan’s Largest Hospital
Blood tests tell doctors about the function of key organs, and can reveal countless medical conditions, including heart disease, anemia and cancer. At major hospitals, the number of blood cell images awaiting analysis can be overwhelming. With over ...

December 11, 2019
AI, to Be Precise: Brooklyn Company Detects Manufacturing Anomalies with Tools Powered by Deep Learning
Nanotronics is pushing the limits of precision manufacturing with AI powered by NVIDIA Quadro RTX technology. The Brooklyn-based company combines super-resolution images with deep learning in its nSpec line of advanced optical inspection tools. ...

December 10, 2019
2020 Vision: See the Future of Transportation at GTC
The next decade of autonomous transportation is just starting to come into focus. GTC attendees will be among the first to see what’s new for safer, more efficient mobility. The NVIDIA GPU Technology Conference in San Jose, Calif., draws autonomous ...

December 10, 2019
Autodesk Maya and Arnold Now Shipping with RTX On
Audiences are demanding higher quality content published on ever-shorter timelines. For artists and studios tackling modern graphics workloads, this means rethinking traditional workflows. Autodesk just announced the release of Maya 2020 and Arnold ...

December 10, 2019
How American Express Uses Deep Learning for Better Decision Making
Financial fraud is on the rise. As the number of global transactions increase and digital technology advances, the complexity and frequency of fraudulent schemes are keeping pace. Security company McAfee estimated in a 2018 report that cybercrime ...

December 09, 2019
AI Came, AI Saw, AI Conquered: How Vysioneer Improves Precision Radiation Therapy
Of the millions diagnosed with cancer each year, over half receive some form of radiation therapy. Deep learning is helping radiation oncologists make the process more precise by automatically labeling tumors from medical scans in a process known as ...

December 09, 2019
2D or Not 2D: NVIDIA Researchers Bring Images to Life with AI
Close your left eye as you look at this screen. Now close your right eye and open your left — you’ll notice that your field of vision shifts depending on which eye you’re using. That’s because while we see in two dimensions, the images captured by ...

December 17, 2019
As AI Universe Keeps Expanding, NVIDIA CEO Lays Out Plan to Accelerate All of It
With the AI revolution spreading across industries everywhere, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang took the stage Wednesday to unveil the latest technology for speeding its mass adoption. His talk — to more than 6,000 scientists, engineers and ...

December 17, 2019
Robotics Ramp-Up: NVIDIA Sets Milestone in Delivering Unified Platform for Building Autonomous Machines
NVIDIA has released updated capabilities for robotics AI perception and simulation, with a new version of the NVIDIA Isaac software development kit. Announced by company founder and CEO Jensen Huang at NVIDIA’s latest GPU Technology Conference, the ...

December 17, 2019
Didi Chuxing Teams with NVIDIA for Autonomous Driving and Cloud Computing
NVIDIA and Didi Chuxing (DiDi), the world’s leading mobile transportation platform, today announced that DiDi will leverage NVIDIA GPUs and AI technology to develop autonomous driving and cloud computing solutions ...

December 17, 2019
NVIDIA Introduces DRIVE AGX Orin — Advanced, Software-Defined Platform for Autonomous Machines
NVIDIA today introduced NVIDIA DRIVE AGX Orin™, a highly advanced software-defined platform for autonomous vehicles and robots. The platform is ...

December 17, 2019
AI, Accelerated Computing Drive Shift to Personalized Healthcare
Genomics is finally poised to go mainstream, with help from deep learning and accelerated-computing technologies from NVIDIA. Since the first human genome was sequenced in 2003, the cost of whole genome sequencing has steadily shrunk, far faster ...

December 17, 2019
NVIDIA Enables Era of Interactive Conversational AI with New Inference Software
NVIDIA TensorRT 7’s Compiler Delivers Real-Time Inference for Smarter Human-to-AI Interactions
NVIDIA today introduced groundbreaking inference software that developers everywhere can use to deliver conversational AI applications, slashing inference latency ...

December 17, 2019
NVIDIA Provides Transportation Industry Access to Its Deep Neural Networks for Autonomous Vehicles
Developers Also Gain Access to NVIDIA Advanced Learning Tools to Leverage DNNs Across Multiple Datasets While Preserving Data Privacy
NVIDIA today announced that it will provide the transportation industry with access to its NVIDIA DRIVE™ deep neural networks for autonomous vehicle development on ...

December 17, 2019
All the Way to 11: NVIDIA GPUs Accelerate 11.11, World’s Biggest Online Shopping Event
Putting AI to work on a massive scale, Alibaba recently harnessed NVIDIA GPUs to serve its customers on 11/11, the year’s largest shopping event. During Singles Day, as the Nov. 11 shopping event is also known, it generated $38 billion in sales. ...

December 17, 2019
Tencent Games Partners with NVIDIA to Launch START Cloud Gaming Service
Tencent Games and NVIDIA today announced a collaboration to bring PC gaming in the cloud to China. NVIDIA’s GPU technology will power Tencent Games’ ...

December 17, 2019
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Event for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following event for the financial community: J.P. Morgan Tech/Auto Forum ...

January 02, 2020
Mellanox to Report Fourth Quarter 2019 Financial Results on January 29, 2020
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that it will...


December 30, 2019
AI Meets 5G at the Edge: The Innovation Center at MWC 2020 in Barcelona
AI is alive at the edge of the network, where it’s already transforming everything from car makers to supermarkets. And we’re just getting started. NVIDIA’s AI Edge Innovation Center, a first for this year’s Mobile World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona, ...

December 30, 2019
Instant Replay: NVIDIA’s 5 Top YouTube Videos for 2019
‘Seeing is believing’ is a cliche for a reason; but it might be truer to say believing is seeing. Until this year, after all, it would be hard to believe a computer could turn a few stylus strokes into a realistic work of art; or that you could test ...

December 26, 2019
Deep Learning Shakes Up Geologists’ Tools to Study Seismic Fault Systems
Fifteen years after a magnitude 9.1 earthquake and tsunami struck off the coast of Indonesia, killing more than 200,000 people in over a dozen countries, geologists are still working to understand the complex fault systems that run through Earth’s ...

December 24, 2019
Saved by the Spell: Serkan Piantino’s Company Makes AI for Everyone
Spell, founded by Serkan Piantino, is making machine learning as easy as ABC. Piantino, CEO of the New York-based startup and former director of engineering for Facebook AI Research, explained to AI Podcast host Noah Kravitz how he’s bringing ...

December 23, 2019
BERT Does Europe: AI Language Model Learns German, Swedish
BERT is at work in Europe, tackling natural-language processing jobs in multiple industries and languages with help from NVIDIA’s products and partners. The AI model formally known as Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers debuted ...

December 23, 2019
Blue Moon Over Dijon: French Hobbyist Taps GPU for Stellar Camera
By day, Alain Paillou is the head of water quality for the Bourgogne region of France. But when the stars come out, he indulges his other passions. Paillou takes exquisitely crisp pictures of the moon, stars and planets — a hobby that combines his ...

December 23, 2019
Playing Pod: Our Top 5 AI Podcast Episodes of 2019
If it’s worth doing, it’s worth doing with AI. 2019 was the year deep-learning driven AI made the leap from the rarefied world of elite computer scientists and the world’s biggest web companies to the rest of us. Everyone from startups to hobbyists ...

December 18, 2019
NVIDIA DRIVE Ecosystem Charges into Next Decade of AI
Top transportation companies are using NVIDIA DRIVE to lead the way into the coming era of autonomous mobility. Electric vehicle makers, mapping companies and mobility providers announced at the GPU Technology Conference in Suzhou, China, that ...

December 18, 2019
World’s Largest Mobile Network Taps NVIDIA EGX for 5G, Mobile Edge Computing
When natural disasters strike, responders race against time to deploy critical resources and save lives. Fanned by strong winds, a forest fire raged through a remote southwestern corner of China’s Sichuan province in early April. Drones equipped ...

January 13, 2020
200G HDR InfiniBand to Accelerate the New European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts (ECMWF) Supercomputer
The HDR InfiniBand Connected Supercomputer Will Increase the Center’s Weather and Climate Research Compute Power by Five Times, Enabling Enhanced and Far More Accurate Forecast and Predictions
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that 200...


January 09, 2020
Farm to Frameworks: French Duo Fork Into Sustainable Farming with Robotics
What began as two classmates getting their hands dirty at a farm in the French Alps has hatched a Silicon Valley farming startup building robots in Detroit and operating in one of the world’s largest agriculture regions. San Francisco-based FarmWise ...

January 09, 2020
AI’s Mild Ride: RoadBotics Puts AI on Pothole Patrol
National Pothole Day is Jan. 15. Its timing is no accident. All over the Northern hemisphere, potholes are at their suspension-wrecking, spine-shaking worst this month. Thanks to AI, one startup is working all year long to alleviate this menace. ...

January 06, 2020
GeForce Leads Way to Thinner, Lighter Gaming Laptops
PC gaming is bigger than ever — in large part because we’ve spent a decade making gaming laptops smaller than anyone thought possible. The ASUS ROG Zephyrus G14, which makes its debut at the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas this ...

January 06, 2020
NVIDIA Brings the Future into Focus at CES 2020
CES 2020 will be bursting with vivid visual entertainment and smart everything, powered, in part, by NVIDIA and its partners. Attendees packing the annual techfest will experience the latest additions to GeForce, the world’s most powerful PC gaming ...

January 05, 2020
NVIDIA Announces New G-SYNC Esports Displays
Breakthrough 360Hz Design For Competitive Gamers; 6X Faster Than Traditional Displays ...

January 05, 2020
CES 20/20: Creators’ Visions Come into Focus with New RTX Studio Systems, Adobe Creative Cloud Offer
RTX Studio systems are a sight to see, and at CES this week there will be a lot to look at: top PC makers and system builders have announced new RTX Studio products. And starting January 13, qualifying RTX Studio laptops and desktops will receive a ...

January 03, 2020
Upon Reflection, 3D Artist Creates Realistic Renders with NVIDIA Quadro RTX
For artists working on product designs and visualizations, time is an important factor — they want to quickly iterate and deliver results without waiting hours for renders to complete. This is why 3D artist David Baylis chose NVIDIA Quadro RTX ...

January 02, 2020
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Event for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following event for the financial community: J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference ...

January 02, 2020
New Online Course Gets IT Up to Speed on AI
Enterprise use of AI has grown 270 percent over the past four years, according to a 2019 survey of CIOs by Gartner. To stay competitive in the face of this rapid adoption, organizations need to build data center infrastructure that is scalable and ...

January 29, 2020
Mellanox Delivers Record Fourth Quarter and Annual 2019 Financial Results
Achieved $380 million revenue in the fourth quarter, up 13% vs. prior quarter and 31% vs. prior year Annual Revenue of $1.33 billion in 2019, up 22% vs. prior year Annual GAAP operating income of $208 million and operating margin of 15.6%; Annual non-GAAP operating income of $384 million and operating margin of 28.9%
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced preliminary...


January 22, 2020
Take the AI Train: Register for Deep Learning Institute Courses at GTC 2020
If AI skills could help advance your career, the NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute can help you get there. Growth in hiring for AI specialists — with expertise in fields like robotics and natural language processing — has gone up by an average of 74 ...

January 21, 2020
Rise of the Snow Machines: AI Startup’s Robots Can Lay Waste to Snow
Florida native Terry Olkin, accustomed to warm weather, had a problem with his new home of Colorado: Snow blocked the driveway. “I couldn’t get my car out of the driveway to get to work — I thought, ‘Why aren’t there robots yet to do this?’” Olkin ...

January 21, 2020
3D History in the Baking: NVIDIA RTX Accelerates Texture Design Tools in Substance Painter
When it comes to baking 3D textures and materials on designs, NVIDIA RTX gives Substance Painter an extra boost. Nikie Monteleone, a lead look development artist in the animation industry, creates 3D graphics and images by integrating colors with ...

January 20, 2020
OpenStack Software Adds Native Upstream Support for HDR 200 Gigabit InfiniBand for Building High-Performance Clouds
OpenStack “Train” Software Release Leverages Virtualized Environment over InfiniBand to Enable Low Latency, High Data Throughput and In-Network Computing on Cloud Platforms
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that...


January 17, 2020
Man Meets Machine: Autonomous Driving Gets the Human Touch at CES 2020
Autonomous driving technology aims to eliminate the human at the wheel. However, the latest plans for the car of the future envision a greater integration of human-machine interaction throughout the rest of the vehicle. At CES 2020, companies showed ...

January 16, 2020
What Is Active Learning?
Reading one book on a particular subject won’t make you an expert. Nor will reading multiple books containing similar material. Truly mastering a skill or area of knowledge requires lots of information coming from a diversity of sources. The same is ...

January 15, 2020
NVIDIA to Host 10,000 AI Developers at GTC 2020 in Silicon Valley
NVIDIA’s GPU Technology Conference — the world’s premier AI event — returns to San Jose in March, bringing together leading developers, researchers and executives to share the latest advancements in AI, high performance computing and computer ...

January 15, 2020
Italy Forges AI Future in Partnership with NVIDIA
Italy is well known for its architecture, culture and cuisine. Soon, its contributions to AI may be just as renowned. Taking a step in that direction, a national research organization forged a three-year collaboration with NVIDIA. Together they aim ...

January 13, 2020
Life of Pie: How AI Delivers at Domino’s
Some like their pies with extra cheese, extra sauce or double pepperoni. Zack Fragoso’s passion is for pizza with plenty of data. Fragoso, a data science and AI manager at pizza giant Domino’s, got his Ph.D. in occupational psychology, a field that ...

February 10, 2020
This Building Is in Beta: Startup’s AI Can Design and Control Buildings
Beta testing is a common practice for intangible products like software. Release an application, let customers bang on it, put bug fixes into the next version for download onto devices. Repeat. For brick-and-mortar products like buildings, beta ...

February 07, 2020
Update on MWC Barcelona
We’ve informed GSMA, the organizers of MWC Barcelona, that we won’t be sending our employees to this year’s event. Given public health risks around the coronavirus, ensuring the safety of our colleagues, partners and customers is our highest ...

February 07, 2020
AI-Listers: Oscar-Nominated Irishman, Avengers Set Stage for AI Visual Effects
This weekend’s Academy Awards show features a twice-nominated newcomer to the Oscars: AI-powered visual effects. Two nominees in the visual effects category, The Irishman and Avengers: Endgame, used AI to push the boundaries between human actors and ...

February 05, 2020
For 12th Year Running, NVIDIA Quadro Powers Every Oscar-Nominated Film for Best Visual Effects
For the 12th consecutive year, NVIDIA Quadro GPUs have powered the stunning visuals behind every Academy Award nominee for Best Visual Effects. The red carpet will roll out for the five VFX-nominated films at the 92nd annual Academy Awards on ...

February 05, 2020
NVIDIA’s Neda Cvijetic Explains the Science Behind Self-Driving Cars
What John Madden was to pro football, Neda Cvijetic is to autonomous vehicles. No one’s better at explaining the action, in real time, than Cvijetic. Cvijetic, senior manager of autonomous vehicles at NVIDIA, drives our NVIDIA DRIVE Labs series of ...

February 04, 2020
GeForce NOW Open for All
Today we’re making GeForce NOW — and PC gaming — accessible to more gamers. More than 1.2 billion players have made the PC the world’s largest gaming platform, yet only a fraction have a modern PC with the power to play their favorite games. GeForce ...

February 03, 2020
Trash-Talking AI Platform Schools You on Recycling
Get ready for trash-talking garbage cans. Hassan Murad and Vivek Vyas have developed the world’s largest garbage dataset, dubbed WasteNet, and offer an AI-driven trash-sorting technology. The Vancouver engineers’ startup, Intuitive AI, uses machine ...

February 03, 2020
What Is AI Upscaling?
Putting on a pair of prescription glasses for the first time can feel like instantly snapping the world into focus. Suddenly, trees have distinct leaves. Fine wrinkles and freckles show up on faces. Footnotes in books and even street names on ...

January 31, 2020
Spacing Out: How AI Provides Astronomers with Insights of Galactic Proportions
The gallery of galaxy images astronomers produce is multiplying faster than the number of selfies on a teen’s new smartphone. Millions of these images have already been collected by astronomy surveys. But the volume is spiraling with projects like ...

January 30, 2020
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for Fourth-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of Call
NVIDIA will host a conference call on Thursday, February 13, at 2:30 p.m. PT (5:30 p.m. ET) to discuss ...

February 19, 2020
An AI for Detail: Nanotronics Brings Deep Learning to Precision Manufacturing
Matthew Putman, this week’s guest on the AI Podcast, knows that the devil is in the details. That’s why he’s the co-founder and CEO of Nanotronics, a Brooklyn-based company providing precision manufacturing enhanced by AI, automation and 3D imaging. ...

February 18, 2020
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Event for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following event for the financial community: Morgan Stanley Technology, Media and Telecommunications Conference Monday, March 2, at ...

February 18, 2020
Meet Six Smart Robots at GTC 2020
The GPU Technology Conference is like a new Star Wars movie. There are always cool new robots scurrying about. This year’s event in San Jose, March 22-26, is no exception, with at least six autonomous machines expected on the show floor. Like C3PO ...

February 17, 2020
NVIDIA Awards $50,000 Fellowships to Ph.D. Students for GPU Computing Research
Our NVIDIA Graduate Fellowship Program recently awarded up to $50,000 each to five Ph.D. students involved in GPU computing research. Now in its 19th year, the fellowship program supports graduate students doing GPU-based work. We selected this ...

February 17, 2020
How Evo’s AI Keeps Fashion Forward
Imagine if fashion houses knew that teal blue was going to replace orange as the new black. Or if retailers knew that tie dye was going to be the wave to ride when swimsuit season rolls in this summer. So far, there hasn’t been an efficient way of ...

February 17, 2020
Washington Goes West: GTC 2020 Explores AI in Federal Government
The future of government will come into focus in Silicon Valley next month when experts from industries and government converge to discuss AI and high performance computing at the NVIDIA GPU Technology Conference. Following on the success of GTC DC ...

February 14, 2020
Virtual Peril: Booz Allen Hamilton Builds Immersive VR for Hazardous Job Training
How do you train someone to deactivate a landmine, work with pathogens in a lab or triage disaster victims with head injuries? Very, very carefully. Typically, training for hazardous, high-risk jobs is an expensive production involving dozens of ...

February 13, 2020
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2020
NVIDIA today reported revenue for the fourth quarter ended Jan. 26, 2020, of $3.11 billion, up 41 percent from $2.21 billion a year earlier, ...

February 11, 2020
Look Under the Hood of Self-Driving Development at GTC 2020
The progress of self-driving cars can be seen in test vehicles on the road. But the major mechanics for autonomous driving development are making tracks in the data center. Training, testing and validating self-driving technology requires enormous ...

February 11, 2020
From Point AI to Point TB: DeepTek Detects Tuberculosis from X-Rays
Tuberculosis is an issue close to home for Pune, India-based healthcare startup DeepTek. India has the world’s highest prevalence of the disease — accounting for over one-quarter of the 10 million new cases each year. It’s a fitting first project ...

March 08, 2020
Meet Your Match: AI Finds the Right Clinical Trial for Cancer Patients
Clinical trials need a matchmaker. Healthcare researchers and pharmaceutical companies rely on trials to validate new, potentially life-saving therapies for cancer and other serious conditions. But fewer than 10 percent of cancer patients ...

March 05, 2020
Now That Everyone’s a Gamer, New Gaming Technologies Matter More Than Ever
How NVIDIA’s leading the way with ray tracing, deep learning, cloud gaming and a host of other innovations spilling out to more gamers, on more platforms, than ever. The post Now That Everyone’s a Gamer, New Gaming Technologies Matter More Than Ever ...

March 05, 2020
Aiforia Paves Path for AI-Assisted Pathology
Pathology, the study and diagnosis of disease, is a growth industry. As the global population ages and diseases such as cancer become more prevalent, demand for keen-eyed pathologists who can analyze medical images is on the rise. In the U.K. alone, ...

March 03, 2020
Mellanox to Acquire World Leading Network Intelligence Technology Developer Titan IC to Strengthen Leadership in Security and Data Analytics
Combines best in class networking and deep packet inspection acceleration for cyber security and big data analytics applications
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that it...


March 02, 2020
NVIDIA Shifts GTC San Jose to Online Event Due to Coronavirus
NVIDIA has decided to shift GTC 2020 on March 22-26 to an online event due to growing concern over the coronavirus. This decision to move the event online instead of at the San Jose Convention Center reflects our top priority: the health and safety ...

February 26, 2020
From ER Visit to AI Startup, CloudMedx Pursues Predictive Healthcare Models
Twice Sahar Arshad’s father-in-law went to an emergency room in Pakistan complaining of frequent headaches. Twice doctors sent him home with a diagnosis of allergies. Turns out he was suffering from a subdural hematoma — bleeding inside the head. ...

February 24, 2020
Revolutionary Mellanox ConnectX-6 Dx SmartNICs and BlueField-2 I/O Processing Units Transform Cloud and Data Center Security
Mellanox Announces General Availability of ConnectX-6 Dx SmartNICs, Featuring Pioneering Security Accelerators for Cloud Platforms
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end smart interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced the...


February 20, 2020
A New Frontier for PC Gaming: How GeForce NOW’s Game Library Continues to Evolve
Giving what we love about PC gaming to more people. That’s the vision that inspired our journey to develop GeForce NOW into an open platform that welcomed gamers, developers and publishers. For gamers, we provide the power of a GeForce GPU to play ...

February 20, 2020
Putting AI on Trials: Deep 6 Speeds Search for Clinical-Study Recruits
Bringing a new medical treatment to market is a slow, laborious process — and for a good reason: patient safety is the top priority. But when recruiting patients to test promising treatments in clinical trials, the faster the better. “Many people in ...

February 19, 2020
Hail Yeah! How Robotaxis Will Change the Way We Move
From pedicabs to yellow cabs, hailing rides has been a decades-long convenience. App-based services like Uber and Lyft have made on-demand travel even faster and easier. With the advent of autonomous vehicles, ride-hailing promises to raise the bar ...

March 20, 2020
Silicon Valley High Schooler Takes Top Award in Hackster.io Jetson Nano Competition
Over the phone, Andrew Bernas leaves the impression he’s a veteran Silicon Valley software engineer focused on worldwide social causes with a lot of heart. He’s in fact a 16-year-old high school student, and he recently won first place in the AI for ...

March 19, 2020
NVIDIA Gives COVID-19 Researchers Free Access to Parabricks
When a crisis hits, we all pitch in with what we have. In response to the current pandemic, NVIDIA is sharing tools with researchers that can accelerate their race to understand the novel coronavirus and help inform a response. Starting today, ...

March 19, 2020
As GTC Goes Digital, AI Podcast Doubles Down
It was a simple formula: Get a microphone, go to NVIDIA’s GPU Technology Conference, interview as many people as possible about what they’re doing. Year in and year out the result has been great conversations with some people using AI to taking on ...

March 18, 2020
Netherlands Cancer Institute Uses Virtualization to Enhance Patient Care, Advance Cancer Research
Cancer doesn’t take nights off. To help beat the disease, the Netherlands Cancer Institute, rated one of the top 10 comprehensive cancer centers in the world, is using virtualization to have its IT infrastructure work the late shift, as well. The ...

March 16, 2020

GTC News Can Wait
We have exciting products and news to share with you. But this isn’t the right time. We’re going to hold off on sharing our GTC news for now. That way, our employees, partners, the media and analysts who follow us, and our customers around the world ...

March 12, 2020
Namaste to AI: Yoga App Among 10 Winners of Hackster.io Jetson Competition
The developers behind MixPose, a yoga posture-recognizing application, aim to improve your downward dog and tree pose positions with a little nudge from AI. MixPose enables yoga teachers to broadcast live-streaming instructional videos that include ...

March 11, 2020
Laser Focused: How Multi-View LidarNet Presents Rich Perspective for Self-Driving Cars
Lidar can give autonomous vehicles laser focus. By bouncing laser signals off the surrounding environment, these sensors can enable a self-driving car to construct a detailed and accurate 3D picture of what’s around it. The post Laser Focused: How ...

March 11, 2020
A Taste for Acceleration: DoorDash Revs Up AI with GPUs
When it comes to bringing home the bacon — or sushi or quesadillas — DoorDash is shifting into high gear, thanks in part to AI. The company got its start in 2013, offering deals such as delivering pad thai to Stanford University dorm rooms. Today ...

March 09, 2020
NVIDIA GTC News to Be Shared on March 24, Followed by Investor Call
NVIDIA today announced that, in light of the spread of the coronavirus, it is deferring plans to deliver a webcast keynote as part of the digital version of ...

March 09, 2020
Mellanox Delivers Spectrum-3 Based Ethernet Switches - First 12.8 Tbps Networking Platforms Optimized for Cloud, Storage, and AI
World’s most scalable, agile and flexible 100/200/400GbE 12.8 Tbps switch enables a new generation of efficient data centers
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced that customer...


March 25, 2020
Working Remotely: Connecting to Your Office Workstation
With so many people working from home amid the COVID-19 outbreak, staying productive can be challenging. At NVIDIA, some of us have RTX laptops and remote-working capabilities powered by our virtual GPU software via on-prem servers and the cloud. To ...

March 25, 2020
Go Robot, Go: AI Team at MiR Helps Factory Robots Find Their Way
Like so many software developers, Elias Sorensen has been studying AI. Now he and his 10-member team are teaching it to robots. When the AI specialists at Mobile Industrial Robots, based in Odense, Denmark, are done, the first graduating class of ...

March 25, 2020
Researchers Make Movies of the Brain with CUDA
When colleagues told Sally Epstein they sped up image processing by three orders of magnitude for a client’s brain-on-a-chip technology, she responded like any trained scientist. Go back and check your work, the biomedical engineering Ph.D. told ...

March 24, 2020
Coming to a Desktop Near You: The Future of Self-Driving
To understand how AI will transform the way people, goods and services move, you don’t need to go farther than your desktop. During GTC Digital, anyone can experience the latest developments in AI technology for free, from the comfort of their own ...

March 24, 2020
Get the Picture: For Latest in AI and Medical Imaging, Tune In to GTC Digital
Picture this: dozens of talks about AI in medical imaging, presented by experts from top radiology departments and academic medical centers around the world, all available free online. That’s just a slice of GTC Digital, a vast library of live and ...

March 24, 2020
NVIDIA Expands Free Access to GPU Virtualization Software to Support Remote Workers
In challenging times, our strength comes from working together. With many companies needing to quickly support employees now working remotely, NVIDIA is expanding our free, 90-day virtual GPU software evaluation from 128 to 500 licenses. With vGPU ...

March 23, 2020
Japan’s KDDI Brings GeForce NOW Game Streaming to Customers
Gamers want to play their favorite games with the power of NVIDIA GPUs — on whatever device they’re using. KDDI, one of Japan’s biggest telecoms companies, is helping gamers in Japan do just that by offering the GeForce NOW game-streaming service to ...

March 23, 2020
Driving Progress: NVIDIA Leads Autonomous Vehicle Industry Report
As the industry begins to deploy autonomous driving technology, NVIDIA is leading the way in delivering a complete end-to-end solution, including data center infrastructure, software toolkits, libraries and frameworks, as well as high-performance, ...

March 23, 2020
With DLSS 2.0, AI Continues to Revolutionize Gaming
NVIDIA DLSS 2.0, RTX Global Illumination lead off a host of new graphics technologies introduced this week. The post With DLSS 2.0, AI Continues to Revolutionize Gaming appeared first on The Official NVIDIA Blog.

March 23, 2020
Virtually Free GTC: 40,000 Developers and AI Researchers Sign Up to Access Hundreds of Hours of No-Cost Sessions at GTC Digital
Just three weeks ago, we announced plans to take GTC online due to the COVID-19 crisis. Since then, a small army of researchers, partners, customers and NVIDIA employees has worked remotely to produce GTC Digital, which kicks off this week. GTC ...

April 02, 2020
Sky-High Performance in an Instance: Quadro Virtual Workstations in the Cloud
With much of the world suddenly working from home, IT leaders need to scale resources, fast. Global cloud providers hosting Quadro Virtual Workstations can help them meet the challenge. Many knowledge workers can work virtually with ease. But it’s ...

April 02, 2020
Work, Play, Create with Record 100+ New NVIDIA GeForce-Powered Laptops
Designs Include New GeForce RTX SUPER GPUs and Max-Q Technologies; Starting at $999
NVIDIA today announced that its global OEM partners are bringing out more than 100 new thin, light and fast laptop models, all powered by...

April 02, 2020
Imagination Meets Innovation: New GeForce RTX SUPER GPUs Power High-Performance RTX Studio Laptops
Ten new laptops are joining the RTX Studio lineup. They’re all powered by new GeForce RTX SUPER GPUs, which deliver faster performance than the original RTX 20 series. And they all feature the latest 10th Gen Intel Core processors. Creative ...

April 02, 2020
Mellanox to Report First Quarter 2020 Financial Results
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end interconnect solutions for data center servers...


April 01, 2020
Virus War Goes Viral: Folding@Home Gets 1.5 Exaflops to Fight COVID-19
The tweet party started on Wednesday, March 25, at 1:55pm. That’s when the research network that Folding@Home manages had arguably become the world’s most powerful supercomputer. Its call to help fight the coronavirus on March 15 had amassed enough ...

March 30, 2020
AI Podcast: Margot Gerritsen’s Got Binders Full of Women in Data Science — and She’s Serious
This week’s AI Podcast guest is a renaissance woman with a special passion for data science. Margot Gerritsen is senior associate dean for educational affairs and professor of energy resources engineering at Stanford University. She’s the co-founder ...

March 30, 2020
No Pain, No Grain: Autodesk VRED Accelerates Design Workflows with AI Denoising and Real-Time Rendering
Automotive design has a new driver behind the wheel: NVIDIA RTX. Autodesk announced that the latest release of VRED 2021, its automotive 3D visualization software, now supports NVIDIA Quadro RTX, letting designers tap into powerful GPU technology to ...

March 26, 2020
Game Ready on GeForce NOW: More Games from More Developers Coming Every Week
PC gamers already know the best experiences are “game ready.” Instant performance boosts from NVIDIA drivers aligned to the latest game releases to deliver silky smooth gameplay. Today, millions of gamers can instantly stream their favorite games ...

March 26, 2020
Full Throttle: Altair Accelerates Engineering Simulations with NVIDIA GPUs
Whether analyzing fluid dynamics or speccing performance, engineers need to create high-quality simulations long before a single physical prototype takes shape. To help engineers gain deeper insights into their designs, two products from engineering ...

March 25, 2020
Keeping an Eye on AI: Building Ethical Technology at Salesforce
Kathy Baxter, the architect of the ethical AI practice at Salesforce, is helping her team and clients create more responsible technology. To do so, she supports employee education, the inclusion of safeguards in Salesforce technology, and ...

April 10, 2020
May AI Help You? Square Takes Edge Off Conversational AI with GPUs
The next time a virtual assistant seems particularly thoughtful rescheduling your appointment, you could thank it. Who knows, maybe it was built to learn from compliments. But you might actually have Gabor Angeli to thank. The engineering manager ...

April 09, 2020
Stay Connected to a World of Entertainment with SHIELD TV
As living rooms temporarily transition into movie theaters, arcades and even fitness centers — with Peloton’s recent release of an Android TV app — SHIELD TV commands it all. It’s your home to loads of movies, shows, apps and games. Content ...

April 08, 2020
Seeing AI to AI: NVIDIA Deepens Ties with Top Research Center
Andreas Dengel wants to get AI into more people’s hands while he continues to advance the technology. Sharing that mission and a history of close ties, NVIDIA just joined him and his roughly 1,000 colleagues as a shareholder in the German Research ...

April 07, 2020
Step Inside Our AI Garage: NVIDIA Experts Present Insights into Self-Driving Software and Infrastructure
Intelligent vehicles require intelligent development. That’s why NVIDIA has built a complete AI-powered portfolio — from data centers to in-vehicle computers — that enables software-defined autonomous vehicles. And this month during GTC Digital, ...

April 06, 2020
Supercomputers Get the Hard Cell: Researchers Use GPUs to Discover Molecular Design Principles of Photosynthesis
Energy efficiency isn’t just a concern for vehicle design or the power grid — it’s a calculation occurring at a microscopic level in every living cell. Whether it feeds on light or glucose, every cell works around the clock to generate enough energy ...

April 06, 2020
NVIDIA Brings GPU, HPC and AI Expertise to COVID-19 Battle
A task force of NVIDIA computer scientists has joined the COVID-19 High Performance Computing Consortium, which brings together leaders from the U.S. government, industry and academia to accelerate research using the world’s most powerful HPC ...

April 06, 2020
Artists Aspire for the Heart of 3D in International Design Challenge
Artists from around the globe are competing in the Art of 3D Graphics design challenge, an international competition showcasing the world’s best 3D artwork. The landmark competition aims to present audiences with modern trends in artistic ...

April 06, 2020
Boxing for Science: Researchers Accelerate Innovation with Containers
Researchers at the University of Minnesota Supercomputing Institute have found a way to keep the lid on the legions of small but significant software elements that high-performance computing and AI spawn by using containers. MSI is a hub for HPC ...

April 03, 2020
Speed of Light: SLAC’s Ryan Coffee Talks Ultrafast Science
Ryan Coffee, senior research scientist at SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory at Stanford, blows things up for a living. Well, almost. He studies particle physics. But Coffee jokes, “This sounds like fancy X-ray diffraction and molecular shape and ...

April 02, 2020
General Practitioner: Startup Taps AI to Tackle Multiple Healthcare Conditions
Using AI to generate a speedier, more accurate diagnosis of a specific medical condition is a worthy and ambitious goal. But VUNO is aiming bigger. The South Korea-based startup is building an extended family of NVIDIA GPU-powered AI products, each ...

April 16, 2020
How We Took Our Biggest Event of the Year Digital – and What We Learned
There isn’t anyone in the world, right now, who isn’t going to come out of 2020 without a story to share about the global pandemic. We’ve got a story to share, too, along with some hard-won lessons about what works, and what doesn’t, in our new ...

April 16, 2020
Create Like a Pro, From Home: New Hardware, Features, Tips and Tricks
Just like many of you, we’re working from home to help keep our families and communities healthy and safe. As we try to adjust to our new normal, we look to artists and creators for inspiration. Those who continue to share their incredible work with ...

April 16, 2020
Upbeat on AI: Fintechs Forecast Rebound Informed with Deep Learning
While a panel on AI in financial technology was one of many events canceled in New York this month, it didn’t mute the panelists’ optimism on the topic. A trio of so-called fintechs described ways they are using AI to enhance customer support, speed ...

April 15, 2020
Remote Control: Design Firm Connects WFH Staff to Office-Based Workstations for Photoreal Rendering at Home
Artists know that to work on high-quality renders and designs from anywhere, you need the right hardware that can keep up with your creative needs. That’s why the designers at HNTB, a century old Kansas City, Mo.-based infrastructure firm, upgraded ...

April 15, 2020
Medical Institutions Collaborate to Improve Mammogram Assessment AI with NVIDIA Clara Federated Learning
An international group of hospitals and medical imaging centers recently evaluated NVIDIA Clara Federated Learning software — and found that AI models for mammogram assessment trained with federated learning techniques outperformed neural networks ...

April 15, 2020
Giving Machine Learning the Credit: Capital One’s Kyle Nicholson Talks AI in Enterprise
Capital One is upping the ante with AI at its Center for Machine Learning, where one of our latest AI Podcast guests works as a senior software engineer. Kyle Nicholson joined AI Podcast host Noah Kravitz to discuss how the company is performing ...

April 14, 2020
Mixing It Up: Saudi Researchers Accelerate Environmental Models with Mixed Precision
Scientists studying environmental variables — like sea surface temperature or wind speed — must strike a balance between the number of data points in their statistical models and the time it takes to run them. A team of researchers at Saudi Arabia’s ...

April 14, 2020
Minecraft with RTX Windows Beta Launch Brings Stunning Ray-Traced Visuals to Millions of Gamers
World’s Best-Selling Game Gets Next-Generation Graphics Makeover with Real-Time Ray Tracing and NVIDIA DLSS 2.0
Millions of Minecraft gamers across the globe will get to experience their self-created worlds more vividly than ever before when Minecraft with RTX moves to open beta on Windows 10 this week and introduces realistic shadows, lighting and vibrant ...

April 10, 2020
Robotics Duo Digs Into the Weeds with Winning AI Project at Hacketer.io
Kevin Patel and Nihar Chaniyara grew up among rural India’s herbicide-treated crops of corn, sugarcane and mangos. Today they cultivate organics with data, vision models and GPUs. Twenty-somethings from farming families, they developed Nindamani, an ...

April 10, 2020
Don’t Fear Going Deeper: Let NVIDIA’s Will Ramey Demystify Deep Learning
You already know you need to learn about deep learning. From mobile apps at the fingertips of billions to burly enterprise applications powering the world’s biggest businesses to a new generation of cutting-edge research tools, deep learning has ...

April 23, 2020
Mellanox Delivers Record First Quarter 2020 Financial Results
Achieved $429 million of revenue, up 13% vs. prior quarter and 40% year-over-year GAAP operating margin 23.9%; Non-GAAP operating margin 34.1%
Mellanox® Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ: MLNX), a leading supplier of high-performance, end-to-end interconnect solutions for data center servers and storage systems, today announced preliminary...


April 22, 2020
Earth to AI: Three Startups Using Deep Learning for Environmental Monitoring
Sometimes it takes an elevated view to appreciate the big picture. NASA’s iconic “Blue Marble,” taken in 1972, helped inspire the modern environmental movement by capturing the finite and fragile nature of Earth for the first time. Today, aerial ...

April 21, 2020
NVIDIA and King’s College London Announce MONAI Open Source AI Framework for Healthcare Research
It’s never been more important to put powerful AI tools in the hands of the world’s leading medical researchers. That’s why we’re introducing MONAI, our latest initiative with King’s College London. This open-source AI framework for healthcare ...

April 21, 2020
Calling AI: Researchers Dial in Machine Learning for 5G
5G researchers from three top institutions have joined NVIDIA in bringing AI to telecom. The Heinrich Hertz Institute (HHI), the Technical University in Berlin (TU Berlin) and Virginia Tech are collaborating with NVIDIA to harness the power of GPUs ...

April 21, 2020
Speeding Recovery: GPUs Put Genomics on Faster Pathways
Days after giving an online talk on how GPUs reduce the time to understand diseases, Margaret Linan felt sick, and awoke at 3am gasping for air. “It was quite frightening,” said Linan, a computational research scientist at Mount Sinai’s Icahn School ...

April 20, 2020
Full Stream Ahead: PC Community Rallies Behind GeForce NOW
The GeForce NOW game-streaming service gives gamers a world-class GeForce PC gaming experience – low latency and beautiful ray traced graphics – on nearly any device. As the number of registered gamers grows by the millions, our catalog of instantly ...

April 20, 2020
No Supervision Required: Helm.ai Aims to Streamline Self-Driving Development
Removing the human driver from behind the steering wheel may require removing the human being from the development lab. Helm.ai, a startup based in Menlo Park, Calif., that recently came out of stealth, seeks to dramatically reduce the bottlenecks ...

April 20, 2020
AI a ‘Once-in-a-Generation Opportunity,’ Says American College of Radiology Chair at GTC Digital
Radiologists could use a fresh pair of AIs. “I see these as decision aids to really augment my performance as a human radiologist,” said Geraldine McGinty, chair of the American College of Radiology and chief strategy and contracting officer at ...

April 19, 2020
Red Zone Alert: Netherlands-Based Rolloos Taps AI to Make Oil Rigs Safer for Workers
Bram Masselink doesn’t mind rocking the boat. While in college, the Dutch entrepreneur founded a company that provided training courses that helped 15,000 students a year with their final exams — in a country that frowns upon privatized education. ...

April 16, 2020
NVIDIA Receives Approval to Proceed with Mellanox Acquisition from China’s Antitrust Authority
NVIDIA today announced that it has received approval from all necessary authorities to proceed with its planned acquisition of Mellanox, ...

April 30, 2020
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for First-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of Call
NVIDIA will host a conference call on Thursday, May 21, at 2:30 p.m. PT (5:30 p.m. ...

April 30, 2020
Letter From Jensen: Building the New NVIDIA Together
NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang sent the following letter to our enlarged employee base when the Mellanox acquisition closed earlier this week: ​Hi everyone, I hope all of you and your families are well and safe during these extraordinary times. ...

April 30, 2020
Seagate Provides the RX to Improve Hard Drive Manufacturing
Seagate Technology ships tens of millions of hard disk drives every quarter. Ensuring the quality of each one is a top priority, but not easy. The disk drive manufacturing process is incredibly complex. For example, it takes 1,400 steps just to ...

April 29, 2020
Banking on AI: NerdWallet’s Recommendation Engine Matches Customers with Relevant Financial Products
Dating apps may get all the press, but NerdWallet has been refining the art of financial matchmaking for more than a decade. The company provides its members with sound financial advice generated by machine learning algorithms. But as computing has ...

April 29, 2020
How RDMA Became the Fuel for Fast Networks
Two chance encounters propelled remote direct memory access from a good but obscure idea for fast networks into the jet fuel for the world’s more powerful supercomputers. The lucky breaks launched the fortunes of an Israel-based startup that staked ...

April 27, 2020
Beyond Horsepower: Xpeng P7 Shows What’s Next for Intelligent Transportation
For decades, car owners looking for the latest technology features have had to wait for the arrival of a new model year. Now, their daily ride can always be state of the art. The Xpeng P7 is an all-electric sports sedan developed from the ground up ...

April 27, 2020
NVIDIA Completes Acquisition of Mellanox, Creating Major Force Driving Next-Gen Data Centers
Combined Company Provides Leading Expertise in Compute and Networking Technologies for High Performance Computing
NVIDIA today announced the completion of its acquisition of Mellanox Technologies, Ltd., for a transaction value of $7 billion. The acquisition, initially...

April 24, 2020
NVIDIA Announces GTC 2020 Keynote with CEO Jensen Huang Set for May 14
Get Amped for Latest Platform Breakthroughs in AI, Deep Learning, Autonomous Vehicles, Robotics and Professional Graphics
Get Amped for Latest Platform Breakthroughs in AI, Deep Learning, Autonomous Vehicles, Robotics and Professional Graphics

April 23, 2020
Field Day: AI Startup Cultivates Robo Tractors for ‘Swarm Farming’ Disruption
Professional pyrotechnician Zack James is lighting his next fuse under the tractor market. The founder of Rabbit Tractors develops autonomous farm robots intended for multiple tasks and to be scaled up in number as needed, challenging traditional ...

April 23, 2020
The Driving Force: How Ford Uses AI to Create Diverse Driving Data
When it comes to teaching autonomous vehicles, you can never have too much training data. That’s where Nikita Jaipuria and Rohan Bhasin come in. Jaipuria, a research scientist in computer vision and machine learning, and Bhasin, a research engineer, ...

May 12, 2020
Mellanox Drives Data Center Innovation and Disaggregation with Integrated SONiC Open Networking Solution
Data centers are rapidly evolving to an architecture that is accelerated, disaggregated and software-defined to meet exponential growth in AI, data analytics, and high-performance computing. One of the ways Mellanox, the networking business unit of ...

May 11, 2020
Virtual Internship, Real Experience: Amid Pandemic, Interns Dive into NVIDIA’s Online Workplace
NVIDIA’s always been known for an internship program like no other. Now, with internships across the world on hold amid the global COVID-19 pandemic, we’re continuing to welcome interns in a way few other companies can. “Of everyone in my group of ...

May 07, 2020
Around the World in AI Days: NVIDIA’s Keith Strier Talks AI Nations
As NVIDIA’s vice president of worldwide AI initiatives, Keith Strier is thinking on a global scale. He leads an initiative called AI Nations, a worldwide program that helps government leaders and stakeholders develop plans to implement AI to advance ...

May 07, 2020
Medical AI Startup Quickly Shifts Strategy to Fight COVID-19 Pandemic
The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted the world like few events before it. But for Shukun Technology, a response required “a minor change in our strategy,” according to its chief technology officer, Chao Zheng. That’s because Shukun, a startup founded ...

May 07, 2020
American Airlines Delivers the Goods, with Data Science Workstations
If you think flying commercial is stressful, consider the air cargo industry. Unlike passenger flights, which are often booked and paid for months in advance, cargo shipments are typically booked just 10 days before the planned departure. And ...

May 06, 2020
NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute Instructor-Led Training Now Available Remotely
Starting this month, NVIDIA’s Deep Learning Institute is offering instructor-led workshops that are delivered remotely via a virtual classroom. DLI provides hands-on training in AI, accelerated computing and accelerated data science to help ...

May 06, 2020
Gut Instinct: Human Microbiome May Reveal COVID-19 Mysteries
Days before a national lockdown in the U.S., Daniel McDonald realized his life’s work had put a unique tool in his hands to fight COVID-19. The assay kits his team was about to have made by the tens of thousands could be repurposed to help ...

May 05, 2020
Taking Point: IBM, NVIDIA Collaborate at the Network’s Edge
NVIDIA is expanding its long-standing collaboration with IBM to accelerate the deployment of edge networks. Businesses are deploying these networks around the world as they switch on IoT sensors and extract real-time insights from the masses of data ...

May 04, 2020
Riding a Cloud: NVIDIA Acquires Network-Software Trailblazer Cumulus
Cloud data centers are evolving to an architecture that is accelerated, disaggregated and software-defined to meet the exponential growth in AI and high performance computing. To build these modern data centers, HPC and networking hardware and ...

May 01, 2020
NVIDIA Chief Scientist Releases Low-Cost, Open-Source Ventilator Design
NVIDIA Chief Scientist Bill Dally this week released an open-source design for a low-cost, easy-to-assemble mechanical ventilator. The ventilator, designed in just a few weeks by Dally — whose storied technology career includes key contributions to ...

May 14, 2020
Artemis Supercomputer on the Hunt for Deeper Understanding of Genomics
Ever wondered what you’re really made of? Your genome is a unique genetic code that determines your characteristics. It’s a specific combination of DNA molecules that makes you you. Studying the entire genetic code of an individual or a group of ...

May 14, 2020
Double-Precision Tensor Cores Speed High-Performance Computing
What you can see, you can understand. Simulations help us understand the mysteries of black holes and see how a protein spike on the coronavirus causes COVID-19. They also let designers create everything from sleek cars to jet engines. But ...

May 14, 2020
Word Power: Conversational AI Rewrites the Textbook on Success
When startup Kensho was acquired by S&P Global for $550 million in March 2018, Georg Kucsko felt like a kid in a candy store. The head of AI research at Kensho and his team had one of Willy Wonka’s golden tickets dropped into their laps: S&P’s ...

May 14, 2020
NVIDIA DRIVE Gets Amped: Scalable Platform Moves to NVIDIA Ampere Architecture
With the introduction of the NVIDIA Ampere architecture, the NVIDIA DRIVE platform is expanding driving capabilities from an entry-level ADAS solution all the way to a level 5 robotaxi system. In his virtual GTC keynote, NVIDIA founder and CEO ...

May 14, 2020
The Ultimate AI Machine: BMW Group Selects NVIDIA to Redefine Factory Logistics
The ultimate in AI technology is now helping build the ultimate driving machine. As part of NVIDIA’s GTC 2020 conference, BMW Group announced it is redefining factory logistics with NVIDIA’s Isaac robotics platform, enhancing its factory logistics ...

May 14, 2020
AI as You Like It: NVIDIA DGX-Ready Partners Make AI Adoption Easy
NVIDIA DGX systems make deploying AI simpler, faster and more cost-effective for organizations using the approach that’s optimal for their business. Over the last four years, DGX systems have been deployed by thousands of customers around the globe, ...

May 14, 2020
Ride the Fast Lane to AI Productivity with Multi-Instance GPUs
Remember after recess on a summer day, waiting at the back of a long line at the drinking fountain? Now imagine a multi-headed water fountain, flowing with cool goodness for all. That’s the essence of the Multi-Instance GPU, or MIG, enabled in the ...

May 14, 2020
Steel for the AI Age: DGX SuperPOD Reaches New Heights with NVIDIA DGX A100
Steel has long been a symbol of industrialization. In the age of AI, a new “building material” will serve as the cornerstone of modern data centers: the NVIDIA DGX A100. Many of the biggest challenges and opportunities organizations now face are ...

May 14, 2020
How Sparsity Adds Umph to AI Inference
If you’ve ever played the game Jenga, you’ll have some sense of AI sparsity. Players stack wooden blocks in crisscross fashion into a column. Then each player takes a turn carefully removing one block, without tipping the column. It starts off easy ...

May 13, 2020
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community...

Read Press Releas

May 14, 2020
What’s a Recommender System?
They’re called recommender systems, and they’re among the most important applications today. That’s because there is an explosion of choice and it's impossible to explore the large number of available options. The post What’s a Recommender System? ...

May 14, 2020
NVIDIA Releases Jetson Xavier NX Developer Kit with Cloud-Native Support
Cloud-Native Support Comes to Entire Jetson Platform Lineup, Making It Easier to Build, Deploy and Manage AI at the Edge
Cloud-Native Support Comes to Entire Jetson Platform Lineup, Making It Easier to Build, Deploy and Manage AI at the Edge

May 14, 2020
BMW Group Selects NVIDIA to Redefine Factory Logistics
Automotive Factories to Incorporate AI Robots Built on New Isaac Platform from NVIDIA
Automotive Factories to Incorporate AI Robots Built on New Isaac Platform from NVIDIA

May 14, 2020
NVIDIA EGX Edge AI Platform Brings Real-Time AI to Manufacturing, Retail, Telco, Healthcare and Other Industries
Ecosystem Expands with EGX A100 and EGX Jetson Xavier NX Supported by AI-Optimized, Cloud-Native, Secure Software to Power New Wave of 5G and Robotics Applications
Ecosystem Expands with EGX A100 and EGX Jetson Xavier NX Supported by AI-Optimized, Cloud-Native, Secure Software to Power New Wave of 5G and Robotics Applications

May 14, 2020
NVIDIA Accelerates Apache Spark, World’s Leading Data Analytics Platform
Open Source Community Accelerates Spark 3.0 with Native NVIDIA GPU Support; Lightning-Fast ETL and SQL Processing on Hundreds of Terabytes of Data; Adobe Achieves 7x Speedup in Model Training with Spark 3.0 on Databricks
Open Source Community Accelerates Spark 3.0 with Native NVIDIA GPU Support; Lightning-Fast ETL and SQL Processing on Hundreds of Terabytes of Data; Adobe Achieves 7x Speedup in Model Training with Spark 3.0 on Databricks

May 14, 2020
NVIDIA Ships World’s Most Advanced AI System — NVIDIA DGX A100 — to Fight COVID-19; Third-Generation DGX Packs Record 5 Petaflops of AI Performance
Training, Inference, Data Analytics Unified on One Platform; Each System Configurable from One to 56 Independent GPUs to Deliver Elastic, Software-Defined Data Center Infrastructure
Training, Inference, Data Analytics Unified on One Platform; Each System Configurable from One to 56 Independent GPUs to Deliver Elastic, Software-Defined Data Center Infrastructure

May 14, 2020
NVIDIA’s New Ampere Data Center GPU in Full Production
New NVIDIA A100 GPU Boosts AI Training and Inference up to 20x; NVIDIA’s First Elastic, Multi-Instance GPU Unifies Data Analytics, Training and Inference; Adopted by World’s Top Cloud Providers and Server Makers
New NVIDIA A100 GPU Boosts AI Training and Inference up to 20x; NVIDIA’s First Elastic, Multi-Instance GPU Unifies Data Analytics, Training and Inference; Adopted by World’s Top Cloud Providers and Server Makers

May 14, 2020
NVIDIA Expands NVIDIA Clara, Adds Global Healthcare Partners to Take on COVID-19
Debuts NVIDIA Clara Guardian to Power Smart Hospitals; Releases New AI Models to Help Better Detect Infection; Breaks Genomics Speed Record in Race to Understand the Virus
Debuts NVIDIA Clara Guardian to Power Smart Hospitals; Releases New AI Models to Help Better Detect Infection; Breaks Genomics Speed Record in Race to Understand the Virus

May 14, 2020
NVIDIA Announces Industry’s First Secure SmartNIC Optimized for 25G
NVIDIA Mellanox ConnectX-6 Lx SmartNIC Provides Advanced Network Offloads to Accelerate Cloud and Enterprise Workloads
NVIDIA Mellanox ConnectX-6 Lx SmartNIC Provides Advanced Network Offloads to Accelerate Cloud and Enterprise Workloads

May 14, 2020
NVIDIA Jarvis Simplifies Building State-of-the-Art Conversational AI Services
New Application Framework Enables Creation of Custom, Language-Based AI Services from Customer Support to Real-Time Transcriptions
New Application Framework Enables Creation of Custom, Language-Based AI Services from Customer Support to Real-Time Transcriptions

May 19, 2020
While the World Works from Home, NVIDIA’s AV Fleet Drives in the Data Center
As much of the world continues to conduct business from home, NVIDIA’s autonomous test vehicles are hard at work in the cloud. During the GTC 2020 keynote, NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang demonstrated how NVIDIA DRIVE technology is being developed and ...

May 19, 2020
COVID Caught on Camera: Startup’s Sensors Keep Hospitals Safe
Andrew Gostine’s startup aims to make hospitals more efficient, but when the coronavirus hit Chicago he pivoted to keeping them safer, too. Gostine is a critical-care anesthesiologist at Northwestern Medicine’s 105-bed Lake Forest hospital, caring ...

May 19, 2020
Create at the Speed of Imagination with New Thin and Light Devices from Dell, HP and Microsoft
Creative workflows are getting more demanding. Project timelines continue to shrink. And with many people working remotely, a fast and reliable computer is more important than ever. New NVIDIA-powered laptops and mobile workstations from Dell, HP ...

May 19, 2020
Cut to the Video: Adobe Premiere Pro Helps Content Creators Work Faster with GPU-Accelerated Exports
With more people working from home, video editors are being challenged to deliver content in new ways. Many are using footage shot at home or getting creative with stock footage to meet the demands for fresh content. With the latest release of Adobe ...

May 15, 2020
Amped Up: HPC Centers Ride A100 GPUs to Accelerate Science
Six supercomputer centers around the world are among the first to adopt the NVIDIA Ampere architecture. They’ll use it to bring science into the exascale era in fields from astrophysics to virus microbiology. The high performance computing centers ...

May 15, 2020
How NVIDIA EGX Is Forming Central Nervous System of Global Industries
Massive change across every industry is being driven by the rising adoption of IoT sensors, including cameras for seeing, microphones for hearing, and a range of other smart devices that help enterprises perceive and understand what’s happening in ...

May 14, 2020
TensorFloat-32 in the A100 GPU Accelerates AI Training, HPC Up to 20x
As with all computing, you’ve got to get your math right to do AI well. Because deep learning is a young field, there’s still a lively debate about which types of math are needed, for both training and inferencing. In November, we explained the ...

May 14, 2020
Omniverse Delivers Interactivity and Collaboration for Early Access Customers
NVIDIA Omniverse, a computer graphics and simulation platform that makes it possible for artists to work seamlessly in real time across software applications on premises or around the world via the cloud, is now available for early access customers ...

May 14, 2020
NVIDIA CloudXR Cuts the Cord for VR, Raises the Bar for AR
Power up your XR displays and 5G devices because NVIDIA is taking streaming to the next level. With the announcement today of the NVIDIA CloudXR 1.0 software development kit, we’re bringing major advancements to streaming augmented reality, mixed ...

May 14, 2020
NVIDIA CEO Introduces NVIDIA Ampere Architecture, NVIDIA A100 GPU in News-Packed ‘Kitchen Keynote’
NVIDIA today set out a vision for the next generation of computing that shifts the focus of the global information economy from servers to a new class of powerful, flexible data centers. In a keynote delivered in six simultaneously released episodes ...

May 27, 2020
2,000 Games and Counting: GeForce NOW Library Taking Shape
GeForce NOW has already been enjoyed by millions of gamers. As we approach the end of our trial period, we’re working to build a robust catalog of PC games with full support from the development community. This includes a new opt-in process for ...

May 26, 2020
NVIDIA Stockholder Meeting Set for June 9; Individuals Can Participate Online
NVIDIA today announced it will hold its 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders online on Tuesday, June 9, 2020, at 11 am PT. The meeting will ...

May 26, 2020
Racing the Clock, COVID Killer Sought Among a Billion Molecules
Working from home, sometimes in pajamas, Ada Sedova taps into the world’s most powerful supercomputer in the hunt for a tiny molecule that could stop the coronavirus from infecting someone with COVID-19. “I’m getting more done than ever, and with ...

May 25, 2020
Safe at the Finnish Line: Privacy Project Kicks Off Collaboration
He may never command the fame of Linus Torvalds, the father of Linux, but fellow Finn Antti Honkela recently helped clear a big barrier to digital privacy. The associate professor of data science at the University of Helsinki works on differential ...

May 24, 2020
To Combat Diabetes-Related Blindness, Taiwanese Med-Tech Firm Brings AI to the Edge
With more than 400 million people around the world afflicted with diabetes, screening for diabetic eye disease has grown increasingly commonplace. But it’s a practice that faces numerous obstacles. Symptoms of diabetic retinopathy, as it’s known, ...

May 22, 2020
NVIDIA Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend Timing
NVIDIA today announced that it will pay its next quarterly cash dividend of $0.16 per share on June 26, 2020, to all shareholders of ...

May 22, 2020
40 Years on, PAC-MAN Recreated with AI by NVIDIA Researchers
Forty years to the day since PAC-MAN first hit arcades in Japan, and went on to munch a path to global stardom, the retro classic has been reborn, delivered courtesy of AI. Trained on 50,000 episodes of the game, a powerful new AI model created by ...

May 21, 2020
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for First Quarter Fiscal 2021
Revenue of $3.08 billion, up 39 percent from a year earlier; Record Data Center revenue of $1.14 billion, up 80 percent from a year earlier; Record GAAP gross margin of 65.1 percent
Revenue of $3.08 billion, up 39 percent from a year earlier; Record Data Center revenue of $1.14 billion, up 80 percent from a year earlier; Record GAAP gross margin of 65.1 percent

May 20, 2020

What’s a DPU?
DPUs will represent one of the three major pillars of computing going forward. CPUs will tackle general purpose computing, GPUs accelerated computing, while DPUs will move data. The post What’s a DPU? appeared first on The Official NVIDIA Blog.

May 20, 2020
NVIDIA Xavier Achieves Industry First with Expert Safety Assessment
Attaining the highest levels of safety takes years of hard engineering work and investment. Now, autonomous vehicle developers can achieve it with a single system-on-a-chip. The NVIDIA Xavier SoC passed the final assessment for safety product ...

June 15, 2020
Digital Doubleheader: HPC Ignites Dual Online Events in June
Two virtual events this month aim to drive scientific computing forward, inspired in no small part by the race against the coronavirus. The ISC High Performance 2020 Digital (June 22-25) and NVIDIA’s HPC Summit Digital (June 29-July 2) offer ...

June 12, 2020
Dialed In: Why Accelerated Analytics Is Game Changing for Telecoms
From rapidly evolving technologies to stiff competition, there’s nothing simple about the wireless industry. Take 5G. Whether deciding where to locate a complex web of new infrastructure or analyzing performance and service levels, the common ...

June 11, 2020
Get Inside Look at the Journey to NVIDIA Ampere GPUs from Jonah Alben
Jonah Alben, co-lead of GPU engineering at NVIDIA, knows something about patience — he’s spent the last four years working on the NVIDIA A100, which was announced this month during the GTC 2020 keynote. A 23-year veteran of the company, Alben was an ...

June 01, 2020
Filmmaker Achieves Razer-Sharp Graphics and Real-Time Rendering with NVIDIA Studio Laptop
Film studios worldwide have embraced real-time technology to create stunning graphics faster than before. Now independent creative professionals are giving some love to these same capabilities that allow them to design amazing visuals wherever they ...

May 29, 2020
AI to Hit Mars, Blunt Coronavirus, Play at the London Symphony Orchestra
AI is the rocket fuel that will get us to Mars. It’s the vaccine that will save us on Earth. And it’s the people who aspire to make a dent in the universe. Our latest “I Am AI” video, unveiled during NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang’s keynote address at the ...

May 29, 2020
Revved Up Retail: Mercedes-Benz Consulting Optimizes Dealership Layout Using Modcam Store Analytics
Retailers are bringing the power of AI to their stores to better understand customer buying behavior and preferences and provide them a better experience. AI startup Modcam, based in Sweden, uses smart sensors to provide detailed data on retail, ...

May 29, 2020
Robotics Reaps Rewards at ICRA: NVIDIA’s Dieter Fox Named RAS Pioneer
Thousands of researchers from around the globe will be gathering — virtually — next week for the IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation. As a flagship conference on all things robotics, ICRA has become a renowned forum since its ...

May 28, 2020
Qure.ai Helps Clinicians Answer Questions from COVID-19 Lung Scans
Qure.ai, a Mumbai-based startup, has been developing AI tools to detect signs of disease from lung scans since 2016. So when COVID-19 began spreading worldwide, the company raced to retool its solution to address clinicians’ urgent needs. In use in ...

May 27, 2020
At a Crossroads: How AI Helps Autonomous Vehicles Understand Intersections
Handling intersections autonomously presents a complex set of challenges for self-driving cars. This includes the ability to stop accurately at an intersection wait line or crosswalk, correctly process and interpret right of way traffic rules in ...

May 27, 2020
Peak Performance: Quadro Experience Streamlines Productivity for Professionals
Experience matters. And with NVIDIA Quadro Experience — a new application for Quadro GPUs — professionals across industries can boost their creativity and increase their productivity like never before. Quadro Experience, available now, helps ...

June 22, 2020
World’s Top System Makers Unveil NVIDIA A100-Powered Servers to Accelerate AI, Data Science and Scientific Computing
Cisco, Dell Technologies, HPE, Inspur, Lenovo, Supermicro Announce Systems Coming This Summer
NVIDIA and the world’s leading server manufacturers today announced NVIDIA A100-powered systems in a variety of designs and configurations to tackle the most complex challenges in AI, data science and scientific computing.

June 22, 2020
NVIDIA Unveils AI Platform to Minimize Downtime in Supercomputing Data Centers
NVIDIA Mellanox UFM Cyber-AI Platform Detects Security Threats, Predicts Network Failures and Guides Predictive Maintenance
NVIDIA today unveiled the NVIDIA® Mellanox® UFM® Cyber-AI platform, which minimizes downtime in InfiniBand data centers by harnessing AI-powered analytics to detect security threats and operational issues, as well as predict network failures.

June 22, 2020
NVIDIA Powers World's Leading Weather Forecasters' Supercomputers​
Think of weather forecasting and satellite images on the local news probably come to mind. But another technology has transformed the task of forecasting and simulating the weather: supercomputing. Weather and climate models are both compute and ...

June 18, 2020
Best AI Processor: NVIDIA Jetson Nano Wins 2020 Vision Product of the Year Award
The small but mighty NVIDIA Jetson Nano has added yet another accolade to the company’s armory of awards. The Edge AI and Vision Alliance, a worldwide collection of companies creating and enabling applications for computer vision and edge AI, has ...

June 18, 2020
NASA’s Day in the Sun: Space Agency Speeds Analysis of Solar Images by 150x Using Data Science Workstations
NASA is using Quadro RTX GPUs to shine some sunlight on data analytics. The U.S. space agency’s Solar Dynamics Observatory collects images of the sun to help scientists and researchers gain insight into the different types of solar variations and ...

June 18, 2020
Insights Expedited: AI Inference Expands Its Scope and Speed
AI is spreading from agriculture to X-rays thanks to its uncanny ability to quickly infer smart choices based on mounds of data. As the datasets and the neural networks analyzing them grow, users are increasingly turning to NVIDIA GPUs to accelerate ...

June 17, 2020
Checking the Rearview Mirror: NVIDIA DRIVE Labs Looks Back at Year of Self-Driving Software Development
The NVIDIA DRIVE Labs video series provides an inside look at how self-driving software is developed. One year and 20 episodes later, it’s clear there’s nearly endless ground to cover. The series dives into topics ranging from 360-degree perception ...

June 16, 2020
Programming the Modern Data Center: Cumulus Joins NVIDIA’s Networking Group
Starting today, the open, modern data center has a familiar partner with a new look and a broader reach. Cumulus Networks is now officially a part of NVIDIA’s networking business unit formed earlier this year with the Mellanox acquisition. The ...

June 15, 2020
Humanity and Innovation: NVIDIA Releases 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility Report
NVIDIA’s 11th annual corporate social responsibility report comes as the world confronts COVID-19 and the fight for racial equality has been reignited. We’re inspired by the millions of frontline workers risking their lives to protect the billions ...

June 15, 2020
NVIDIA RTX Accelerates New AI Capabilities in Adobe Substance Alchemist and Blender
The creative workflows of artists and designers everywhere are getting a serious boost from AI and NVIDIA RTX GPUs. The latest releases of Substance Alchemist and Blender are introducing AI-powered features, like denoising and material creation, ...

June 25, 2020
Into the Woods: AI Startup Lets Foresters See the Wood for the Trees
AI startup Trefos is helping foresters see the wood for the trees. Using custom lidar and camera-mounted drones, the Philadelphia-based company collects data for high-resolution, 3D forest maps. These metrics allow government agencies and the ...

June 25, 2020
Untold Studios Powers Creative Workflows from Home with NVIDIA Quadro in the Cloud
Studios, creative departments and production companies are searching for tools that make it easier to work from home. But one independent studio is staying ahead of the game by being one of the first to completely operate in the cloud. Untold ...

June 24, 2020
Making Spark Fly: NVIDIA Accelerates World’s Most Popular Data Analytics Platform
The world’s most popular data analytics application, Apache Spark, now offers revolutionary GPU acceleration to its more than half a million users through the general availability release of Spark 3.0. Databricks provides the leading cloud-based ...

June 24, 2020
Quantum of Solace: Research Seeks Atomic Keys to Lock Down COVID-19
Anshuman Kumar is sharpening a digital pencil to penetrate the secrets of the coronavirus. He and colleagues at the University of California at Riverside want to calculate atomic interactions at a scale never before attempted for the virus. If they ...

June 24, 2020
Productivity in Full Display: Quadro View Helps Professionals Optimize Desktop Workspaces
It’s time to put your comfort zone on display. NVIDIA Quadro View, available now, enhances workspaces and boosts productivity by enabling professionals to manage their displays and arrange their workspaces in a way that best suits them. Workspaces ...

June 23, 2020
Mercedes-Benz, NVIDIA Partner to Build the World’s Most Advanced, Software-Defined Vehicles
The automaker responsible for the world’s first car is now the first to deliver software-defined vehicles across its entire fleet, powered by NVIDIA. In a live-streamed media event from Stuttgart and Silicon Valley, Mercedes-Benz CEO Ola Källenius ...

June 23, 2020
Mercedes-Benz and NVIDIA to Build Software-Defined Computing Architecture for Automated Driving Across Future Fleet
Auto and Computer Industry Leaders Intend to Join Forces and Enable Next-Generation Fleet with Software Upgradeability, AI and Autonomous Capabilities
Mercedes-Benz, one of the largest manufacturers of premium passenger cars, and NVIDIA, the global leader in accelerated computing, plan to enter into a cooperation to create a revolutionary in-vehicle computing system and AI computing infrastructure.

June 22, 2020
Green Light! TOP500 Speeds Up, Saves Energy with NVIDIA
The new ranking of the TOP500 supercomputers paints a picture of modern scientific computing, expanded with AI and data analytics, and accelerated with NVIDIA technologies. Eight of the world’s top 10 supercomputers now use NVIDIA GPUs, InfiniBand ...

June 22, 2020
Fighting COVID-19 in New Era of Scientific Computing
Scientists and researchers around the world are racing to find a cure for COVID-19. That’s made the work of all those digitally gathered for this week’s high performance computing conference, ISC 2020 Digital, more vital than ever. And the work of ...

June 22, 2020
NVIDIA Shatters Big Data Analytics Benchmark
NVIDIA just outperformed by nearly 20x the record for running the standard big data analytics benchmark, known as TPCx-BB. Using the RAPIDS suite of open-source data science software libraries powered by 16 NVIDIA DGX A100 systems, NVIDIA ran the ...

Read blogging

July 06, 2020
Hardhats and AI: Startup Navigates 3D Aerial Images for Inspections
In construction, DroneDeploy is used by one-quarter of the world’s 400 largest building contractors and six of the top 10 oil and gas companies, according to the company. The post Hardhats and AI: Startup Navigates 3D Aerial Images for Inspections ...

July 06, 2020
You Can’t Touch This: Deep Clean System Flags Potentially Contaminated Surfaces
Amid the continued spread of coronavirus, extra care is being taken by just about everyone to wash hands and wipe down surfaces, from countertops to groceries. To spotlight potentially contaminated surfaces, hobbyist Nick Bild has come up with Deep ...

July 02, 2020
Heads Up, Down Under: Sydney Suburb Enhances Livability with Traffic Analytics
With a new university campus nearby and an airport under construction, the city of Liverpool, Australia, 27 kilometers southwest of Sydney, is growing fast. More than 30,000 people are expected to make a daily commute to its central business ...

July 02, 2020
Sand Safety: Startup’s Lifeguard AI Hits the Beach to Save Lives
A team in Israel is making a splash with AI. It started as biz school buddies Netanel Eliav and Adam Bismut were looking to solve a problem to change the world. The problem found them: Bismut visited the Dead Sea after a drowning and noticed a lack ...

July 01, 2020
Floating on Creativity: SuperBlimp Speeds Rendering Workflows with NVIDIA RTX GPUs
Rendering is a critical part of the design workflow. But as audiences and clients expect ever higher-quality graphics, agencies and studios must tap into the latest technology to keep up with rendering needs. SuperBlimp, a creative production studio ...

June 30, 2020
Heart of the Matter: AI Helps Doctors Navigate Pandemic
A month after it got FDA approval, a startup’s first product was saving lives on the front lines of the battle against COVID-19. Caption Health develops software for ultrasound systems, called Caption AI. It uses deep learning to empower medical ...

June 30, 2020
NVIDIA Puts More Tools in Hands of Artists, Designers and Data Scientists Working Remotely
For many organizations, the coronavirus pandemic has created a permanent shift in how their employees work. From now on, they’ll have the option to collaborate at home or in the office. NVIDIA is giving these millions of professionals around the ...

June 29, 2020
Schrödinger Transforming Drug Discovery with GPU-Powered Platform
The pharmaceutical industry has grown accustomed to investing billions of dollars to bring drugs to market, only to watch 90 percent of them fail even before clinical trials. The problem is, and always has been, there’s simply not enough compute ...

June 26, 2020
Taking AI to Market: NVIDIA and Arterys Bridge Gap Between Medical Researchers and Clinicians
Around the world, researchers in startups, academic institutions and online communities are developing AI models for healthcare. Getting these models from their hard drives and into clinical settings can be challenging, however. Developers need ...

June 25, 2020
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Event for Financial Community
SANTA CLARA, Calif., June 25, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA will present at the following event for the financial community: Piper Sandler’s “P.S. It’s Friday: State of Cloud” Virtual ...

July 20, 2020
Driving the Future: What Is an AI Cockpit?
From Knight Rider’s KITT to Ironman’s JARVIS, intelligent copilots have been a staple of forward-looking pop culture. Advancements in AI and high-performance processors are turning these sci-fi concepts into reality. But what, exactly, is an AI ...

July 20, 2020
Meet the Maker: ‘Smells Like ML’ Duo Nose Where It’s at with Machine Learning
Whether you want to know if your squats have the correct form, you’re at the mirror deciding how to dress and wondering what the weather’s like, or you keep losing track of your darts score, the Smells Like ML duo have you covered — in all senses. ...

July 17, 2020
Smart Hospitals: DARVIS Automates PPE Checks, Hospital Inventories Amid COVID Crisis
After an exhausting 12-hour shift caring for patients, it’s hard to blame frontline workers for forgetting to sing “Happy Birthday” twice to guarantee a full 30 seconds of proper hand-washing. Though at times tedious, the process of confirming such ...

July 16, 2020
Learning Life’s ABCs: AI Models Read Proteins to Fight COVID-19
Ahmed Elnaggar and Michael Heinzinger are helping computers read proteins as easily as you read this sentence. The researchers are applying the latest AI models used to understand text to the field of bioinformatics. Their work could accelerate ...

July 15, 2020
How B&N Keeps Designs Fresh While Working Remotely
Whether designing buildings, complex highway interchanges or water purification systems, the architects and engineers at Burgess The post How B&N Keeps Designs Fresh While Working Remotely appeared first on The Official NVIDIA Blog.

July 13, 2020
NVIDIA Names John Dabiri to Board of Directors
SANTA CLARA, Calif., July 13, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA today announced that it has named to its board of directors John Dabiri, the Centennial Professor of aeronautics and mechanical ...

July 10, 2020
Not So Taxing: Intuit Uses AI to Make Tax Day Easier
Understanding the U.S. tax code can take years of study — it’s 80,000 pages long. Software company Intuit has decided that it’s a job for AI. Ashok Srivastava, its senior vice president and chief data officer, spoke to AI Podcast host Noah Kravitz ...

July 09, 2020
Keeping Its Cool: Lenovo Expands Portfolio in Red Hot HPC and AI Market
Known around the world for its broad range of personal computers, phones, servers, networking and services, Lenovo also has years of experience in designing and delivering high performance computing and AI systems. NVIDIA and Mellanox have been ...

July 08, 2020
Screening for COVID-19: Japanese Startup Uses AI for Drug Discovery
Researchers are racing to discover the right drug molecule to treat COVID-19 — but the number of potential drug-like molecules out there is estimated to be an inconceivable 1060. “Even if you hypothetically checked one molecule per second, it would ...

July 07, 2020
NVIDIA Ampere GPUs Come to Google Cloud at Speed of Light
The NVIDIA A100 Tensor Core GPU has landed on Google Cloud. Available in alpha on Google Compute Engine just over a month after its introduction, A100 has come to the cloud faster than any NVIDIA GPU in history. Today’s introduction of the ...

July 31, 2020
Taking the Heat Off: AI Temperature Screening Aids Businesses Amid Pandemic
As businesses and schools consider reopening around the world, they’re taking safety precautions to mitigate the lingering threat of COVID-19 — often taking the temperature of each individual entering their facilities. Fever is a common warning sign ...

July 30, 2020
HPE’s Jared Dame on How AI, Data Science Driving Demand for Powerful New Workstations
Smart phones, smart devices, the cloud — if it seems like AI is everywhere, that’s because it is. That makes more essential than ever the powerful workstations able to crunch the ever growing quantities of data on which modern AI is built. Jared ...

July 30, 2020
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for Second-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of CallSANTA CLARA, Calif., July 30, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA will host a conference call on Wednesday, August 19, at 2 p.m. PT (5 p.m. ...

July 30, 2020
It’s Not Pocket Science: Undergrads at Hackathon Create App to Evaluate At-Home Physical Therapy Exercises
The four undergrads met for the first at the Stanford TreeHacks hackathon, became close friends, and developed an AI-powered app to help physical therapy patients ensure correct posture for their at-home exercises — all within 36 hours. Back in ...

July 29, 2020
NVIDIA Breaks 16 AI Performance Records in Latest MLPerf Benchmarks
NVIDIA delivers the world’s fastest AI training performance among commercially available products, according to MLPerf benchmarks released today. The A100 Tensor Core GPU demonstrated the fastest performance per accelerator on all eight MLPerf ...

July 27, 2020
Taiwanese Supercomputing Center Advances Real-Time Rendering from the Cloud with NVIDIA RTX Server and Quadro vDWS
As the stunning visual effects in movies and television advance, so do audience expectations for ever more spectacular and realistic imagery. The National Center for High-performance Computing, home to Taiwan’s most powerful AI supercomputer, is ...

July 24, 2020
Banking on AI: RBC Builds a DGX-Powered Private Cloud
Royal Bank of Canada built a DGX-powered cloud and tied it to a strategic investment in AI. Despite headwinds from a global pandemic, it will further enable RBC to transform client experiences. The voyage started in the fall of 2017. That’s when ...

July 23, 2020
Top Content Creation Applications Turn ‘RTX On’ for Faster Performance
Whether tackling complex visualization challenges or creating Hollywood-caliber visual effects, artists and designers require powerful hardware to create their best work. The latest application releases from Foundry, Chaos Group and Redshift by ...

July 22, 2020
All the Right Moves: How PredictionNet Helps Self-Driving Cars Anticipate Future Traffic Trajectories
Driving requires the ability to predict the future. Every time a car suddenly cuts into a lane or multiple cars arrive at the same intersection, drivers must make predictions as to how others will act to safely proceed. While humans rely on driver ...

July 21, 2020
University of Florida, NVIDIA to Build Fastest AI Supercomputer in Academia
The University of Florida and NVIDIA Tuesday unveiled a plan to build the world’s fastest AI supercomputer in academia, delivering 700 petaflops of AI performance. The effort is anchored by a $50 million gift: $25 million from alumnus and NVIDIA ...

August 10, 2020
Mass General’s Martinos Center Adopts AI for COVID, Radiology Research
Academic medical centers worldwide are building new AI tools to battle COVID-19 — including at Mass General, where one center is adopting NVIDIA DGX A100 AI systems to accelerate its work. Researchers at the hospital’s Athinoula A. Martinos Center ...

August 10, 2020
Nerd Watching: GPU-Powered AI Helps Researchers Identify Individual Birds
Anyone can tell an eagle from an ostrich. It takes a skilled birdwatcher to tell a chipping sparrow from a house sparrow from an American tree sparrow. Now researchers are using AI to take this to the next level — identifying individual birds. André ...

August 06, 2020
AI Goes Uptown: A Tour of Smart Cities Around the Globe
There are as many ways to define a smart city as there are cities on the road to being smart. From London and Singapore to Seat Pleasant, Maryland, they vary widely. Most share some common characteristics. Every city wants to be smart about being a ...

August 06, 2020
Deep Learning on Tap: NVIDIA Engineer Turns to AI, GPU to Invent New Brew
Some dream of code. Others dream of beer. NVIDIA’s Eric Boucher does both at once, and the result couldn’t be more aptly named. Full Nerd #1 is a crisp, light-bodied blonde ale perfect for summertime quaffing. Eric, an engineer in the GPU systems ...

August 05, 2020
Fleet Dreams Are Made of These: TuSimple and Navistar to Build Autonomous Trucks Powered by NVIDIA DRIVE
Self-driving trucks are coming to an interstate near you. Autonomous trucking startup TuSimple and truck maker Navistar recently announced they will build self-driving semi trucks, powered by the NVIDIA DRIVE AGX platform. The collaboration is one ...

August 05, 2020
Stop the Bleeding: AI Startup Deep01 Assists Physicians Evaluate Brain Hemorrhage
During a stroke, a patient loses an estimated 1.9 million brain cells every minute, so interpreting their CT scan even one second quicker is vital to maintaining their health. To save precious time, Taiwan-based medical imaging startup Deep01 has ...

August 04, 2020
AI Explains AI: Fiddler Develops Model Explainability for Transparency
Your online loan application just got declined without explanation. Welcome to the AI black box. Businesses of all stripes turn to AI for computerized decisions driven by data. Yet consumers using applications with AI get left in the dark on how ...

August 04, 2020
Keeping a Watchful AI: Researchers Aim to Predict Space Weather Events
While a thunderstorm could knock out your neighborhood’s power for a few hours, a solar storm could knock out electricity grids across all of Earth, possibly taking weeks to recover from. To try to predict solar storms — which are disturbances on ...

August 03, 2020
Teen’s Gambit: 15-Year-Old Chess Master Puts Blundering Laptop in Check with Jetson Platform
Only 846 people in the world hold the title of Woman International Master of chess. Evelyn Zhu, age 15, is one of them. A rising high school junior in Long Island, outside New York City, Zhu began playing chess competitively at the age of seven and ...

July 31, 2020
Non-Stop Shopping: Startup’s AI Let’s Supermarkets Skip the Line
Eli Gorovici loves to take friends sailing on the Mediterranean. As the new pilot of Trigo, a Tel Aviv-based startup, he’s inviting the whole retail industry on a cruise to a future with AI. “We aim to bring the e-commerce experience into the ...

August 17, 2020
Meet the Maker: YouTuber Insists It’s Easier Than You Think to Make Something Super Using AI
Alex Schepelmann went from being a teacher’s assistant for an Intro to Programming class to educating 40,000 YouTube subscribers by championing the mantra: anyone can make something super using AI and machine learning. His YouTube channel, Super ...

August 17, 2020
NVIDIA to Host Digital GTC in October Featuring Keynote from CEO Jensen Huang and Continuous Programming Around the World
Global Online Conference on Oct. 5-9 to Feature 500+ Sessions in AI, Data Science and More; Live Content and Interaction with Tech Leaders Worldwide
NVIDIA today announced that it will be hosting its GPU Technology Conference, running Oct. 5-9, and featuring a recorded keynote address by CEO and founder Jensen Huang.

August 17, 2020
NVIDIA Partner Program Expands to 1,500 Members, Adds New Benefits
NVIDIA’s enterprise partner program has grown to more than 1,500 members worldwide and added new resources to boost opportunities for training, collaboration and sales. The expanded NVIDIA Partner Network boasts an array of companies that span the ...

August 14, 2020
AI of the Storm: How We Built the Most Powerful Industrial Computer in the U.S. in Three Weeks During a Pandemic
In under a month amid the global pandemic, a small team assembled the world’s seventh-fastest computer. Today that mega-system, called Selene, communicates with its operators on Slack, has its own robot attendant and is driving AI forward in ...

August 13, 2020
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
SANTA CLARA, Calif., Aug. 13, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community: BMO 2020 Virtual Technology SummitTuesday, Aug. 25, at 9 a.m. ...

August 13, 2020
How Abyss Solutions Helps Keep Offshore Rig Operators Afloat
As its evocative name suggests, Abyss Solutions is a company taking AI to places where humans can’t — or shouldn’t — go. The brainchild of four University of Sydney scientists and engineers, six years ago the startup set out to improve the ...

August 12, 2020
Startup Lunit Uses AI to Help Doctors Prioritize Patients with COVID-19 Symptoms
Testing for COVID-19 has become more widespread, but addressing the pandemic will require quickly screening for and triaging patients who are experiencing symptoms. Lunit, a South Korean medical imaging startup — its name is a portmanteau of ...

August 12, 2020
Here Comes the Sun: NASA Scientists Talk Solar Physics
Michael Kirk and Raphael Attie, scientists at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center, regularly face terabytes of data in their quest to analyze images of the sun. This computational challenge, which could take a year or more on a CPU, has been reduced ...

August 11, 2020
Clarifying Training Time, Startup Launches AI-Assisted Data Annotation
Creating a labeled dataset for training an AI application can hit the brakes on a company’s speed to market. Clarifai, an image and text recognition startup, aims to put that obstacle in the rearview mirror. The New York City-based company today ...

August 11, 2020
NVIDIA Announces GeForce Special Event Featuring CEO Jensen Huang
NVIDIA will broadcast a GeForce Special Event, featuring an address by founder and CEO Jensen Huang, on Sept. 1, at 9 a.m. Pacific time. ...

August 26, 2020
Safe Travels: Voyage Intros Ambulance-Grade, Self-Cleaning Driverless Vehicle Powered by NVIDIA DRIVE
Self-driving cars continue to amaze passengers as a truly transformative technology. However, in the time of COVID-19, a self-cleaning car may be even more appealing. Robotaxi startup Voyage introduced its third-generation vehicle, the G3, this ...

August 25, 2020
Real-Time Ray Tracing Realized: RTX Brings the Future of Graphics to Millions
Only a dream just a few years ago, real-time ray tracing has become the new reality in graphics because of NVIDIA RTX — and it’s just getting started. The world’s top gaming franchises, the most popular gaming engines and scores of creative ...

August 25, 2020
AI in Action: NVIDIA Showcases New Research, Enhanced Tools for Creators at SIGGRAPH
The future of graphics is here, and AI is leading the way. At the SIGGRAPH 2020 virtual conference, NVIDIA is showcasing advanced AI technologies that allow artists to elevate storytelling and create stunning, photorealistic environments like never ...

August 21, 2020
Need Healthcare? AI Startup Curai Has an App for That
As a child, Neal Khosla became engrossed by the Oakland Athletics baseball team’s “Moneyball” approach of using data analytics to uncover the value and potential of the sport’s players. A few years ago, the young engineer began pursuing similar ...

August 20, 2020
On Becoming Green: 800+ Interns Enliven Our First-Ever Virtual Internship Program
More than 800 students from over 100 universities around the world joined NVIDIA as the first class of our virtual internship program — I’m one of them, working on the corporate communications team this summer. Shortly after the pandemic’s onset, ...

August 20, 2020
Starry, Starry Night: AI-Based Camera System Discovers Two New Meteor Showers
Spotting a meteor flash across the sky is a rare event for most people, unless you’re the operators of the CAMS meteor shower surveillance project, who frequently spot more than a thousand in a single night and recently discovered two new showers. ...

August 20, 2020
There’s a Code for That: Hugging Face’s Sam Shleifer Talks Natural Language Processing
Hugging Face is more than just an adorable emoji — it’s a company that’s demystifying AI by transforming the latest developments in deep learning into usable code for businesses and researchers. Research engineer Sam Shleifer spoke with AI Podcast ...

August 19, 2020
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Second Quarter Fiscal 2021
NVIDIA today reported record revenue for the second quarter ended July 26, 2020, of $3.87 billion, up 50 percent from $2.58 billion a year earlier, and up 26 percent from $3.08 billion in the previous quarter.

August 19, 2020
2 Million Registered Developers, Countless Breakthroughs
Everyone has problems. Whether they’re tackling challenges at the cutting edge of physics, trying to tame a worldwide pandemic, or sorting their child’s Lego collection, innovators join NVIDIA’s developer program to help them solve their most ...

August 18, 2020
Wherever You Go with Chromebook, GeForce NOW Lets You Bring Your Games with You
Chromebooks, like GeForce NOW, are ready when you are. With today’s beta launch on ChromeOS, Chromebooks now wield the power to play PC games using GeForce NOW. Chromebook users join the millions on PC, Mac, SHIELD and Android mobile devices already ...

September 01, 2020
Up Your Creative Game: GeForce RTX 30 Series GPUs Amp Up Performance
Creative workflows are riddled with hurry up and wait. GeForce RTX 30 Series GPUs, powered by our second-generation RTX architecture, aim to reduce the wait, giving creators more time to focus on what matters: creating amazing content. These new ...

September 01, 2020
‘Giant Step into the Future’: NVIDIA CEO Unveils GeForce RTX 30 Series GPUs
A decade ago, GPUs were judged on whether they could power through Crysis. How quaint. The latest NVIDIA Ampere GPU architecture, unleashed in May to power the world’s supercomputers and hyperscale data centers, has come to gaming. And with NVIDIA ...

September 01, 2020
NVIDIA Delivers Greatest-Ever Generational Leap with GeForce RTX 30 Series GPUs
Powered by NVIDIA Ampere Architecture, Second-Generation RTX Delivers Up to 2x Performance Over Turing for Real-Time Ray Tracing and AI Gaming
NVIDIA today unveiled its GeForce RTX™ 30 Series GPUs, powered by the NVIDIA Ampere architecture, which delivers the greatest-ever generational leap in GeForce® history.

September 01, 2020
‘Fortnite’ Is RTX On! Real-Time Ray Tracing Comes to One of Most Popular Games on the Planet
NVIDIA and Epic Games Bring Amazing Visuals, NVIDIA DLSS and New NVIDIA Reflex Technology to Millions of Fortniters
NVIDIA and Epic Games today announced that Fortnite — the epitome of battle royale gaming and a cultural phenomenon with more than 350 million players worldwide — is adding real-time ray tracing, AI-powered NVIDIA DLSS and other groundbreaking ...

August 31, 2020
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
SANTA CLARA, Calif., Aug. 31, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community: Deutsche Bank Technology ConferenceMonday, Sept. 14, at 12:20 ...

August 31, 2020
Speed Reader: Startup Primer Helps Analysts Make Every Second Count
Expected to read upwards of 200,000 words daily from hundreds, if not thousands, of documents, financial analysts are asked to perform the impossible. Primer is using AI to apply the equivalent of compression technology to this mountain of data to ...

August 31, 2020
Rise and Sunshine: NASA Uses Deep Learning to Map Flows on Sun’s Surface, Predict Solar Flares
Looking directly at the sun isn’t recommended — unless you’re doing it with AI, which is what NASA is working on. The surface of the sun, which is the layer you can see with the eye, is actually bubbly: intense heat creates a boiling reaction, ...

August 28, 2020
Pixel Perfect: V7 Labs Automates Image Annotation for Deep Learning Models
Cells under a microscope, grapes on a vine and species in a forest are just a few of the things that AI can identify using the image annotation platform created by startup V7 Labs. Whether a user wants AI to detect and label images showing equipment ...

August 27, 2020
More Than a Wheeling: Boston Band of Roboticists Aims to Rock Sidewalks With Personal Bots
With Lime and Bird scooters covering just about every major U.S. city, you’d think all bets were off for walking. Think again. Piaggio Fast Forward is staking its future on the idea that people will skip e-scooters or ride-hailing once they take a ...

August 26, 2020
Sterling Support: SHIELD TV’s 25th Software Upgrade Now Available
With NVIDIA SHIELD TV, there’s always more to love. Today’s software update — SHIELD Software Experience Upgrade 8.2 — is the 25th for owners of the original SHIELD TV. It’s a remarkable run, spanning more than 5 years since the first SHIELD TVs ...

September 11, 2020
Perfect Pairing: NVIDIA’s David Luebke on the Intersection of AI and Graphics
NVIDIA Research comprises more than 200 scientists around the world driving innovation across a range of industries. One of its central figures is David Luebke, who founded the team in 2006 and is now the company’s vice president of graphics ...

September 11, 2020
Vision of AI: Startup Helps Diabetic Retinopathy Patients Retain Their Sight
Every year, 60,000 people go blind from diabetic retinopathy, a condition caused by damage to the blood vessels in the eye and a risk factor of high blood sugar levels. Digital Diagnostics, a software-defined AI medical imaging company formerly ...

September 10, 2020
Scaling New Heights: Surge in Remote Work Fuels NVIDIA Cloud Service Provider Program
For many of the tens of millions of employees working from home amid the pandemic, their change of scenery is likely to stick. Fifty-two percent of global IT and business leaders surveyed by IDC in June said that their work at home employment models ...

September 10, 2020
The Great AI Bake-Off: Recommendation Systems on the Rise
If you want to create a world-class recommendation system, follow this recipe from a global team of experts: Blend a big helping of GPU-accelerated AI with a dash of old-fashioned cleverness. The proof was in the pudding for a team from NVIDIA that ...

September 08, 2020
Office Ready? Jetson-Driven ‘Double Robot’ Supports Remote Working
Apple’s iPad 2 launch in 2011 ignited a touch tablet craze, but when David Cann and Marc DeVidts got their hands on one they saw something different: They rigged it to a remote-controlled golf caddy and posted a video of it in action on YouTube. ...

September 08, 2020
Telltale Signs: AI Researchers Trace Cancer Risk Factors Using Tumor DNA
Life choices can change a person’s DNA — literally. Gene changes that occur in human cells over a person’s lifetime, known as somatic mutations, cause the vast majority of cancers. They can be triggered by environmental or behavioral factors such as ...

September 03, 2020
Startup’s AI Platform Allows Contact-Free Hospital Interactions
Hands-free phone calls and touchless soap dispensers have been the norm for years. Next up, contact-free hospitals. San Francisco-based startup Ouva has created a hospital intelligence platform that monitors patient safety, acts as a patient ...

September 03, 2020
DIY with AI: GTC to Host NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute Courses for Anyone, Anywhere
The NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute is launching three new courses, which can be taken for the first time ever at the GPU Technology Conference next month. The new instructor-led workshops cover fundamentals of deep learning, recommender systems and ...

September 03, 2020

What Is MLOps?
MLOps may sound like the name of a shaggy, one-eyed monster, but it’s actually an acronym that spells success in enterprise AI. A shorthand for machine learning operations, MLOps is a set of best practices for businesses to run AI successfully. ...

September 02, 2020
In a Class of Its Own: New Mercedes-Benz S-Class Sports Next-Gen AI Cockpit, Powered by NVIDIA
The Mercedes-Benz S-Class has always combined the best in engineering with a legendary heritage of craftsmanship. Now, the flagship sedan is adding intelligence to the mix, fusing AI with the embodiment of automotive luxury. At a world premiere ...

September 22, 2020
Li Auto Aims to Extend Lead in Chinese EV Market with NVIDIA DRIVE
One of the leading EV startups in China is charging up its compute capabilities. Li Auto announced today it would develop its next generation of electric vehicles using the high-performance, energy-efficient NVIDIA DRIVE AGX Orin. These new vehicles ...

September 20, 2020
Meet the Maker: Mr. Fascinate Encourages Kids to Get on the Cool Bus and Study STEM
STEM is dope. That’s the simple message that Justin “Mr. Fascinate” Shaifer evangelizes to young people around the world. Through social media and other platforms, Shaifer fascinates children with STEM projects — including those that can be created ...

September 18, 2020
Top Healthcare Innovators Share AI Developments at GTC
Healthcare is under the microscope this year like never before. Hospitals are being asked to do more with less, and researchers are working around the clock to answer pressing questions. NVIDIA’s GPU Technology Conference brings everything you need ...

September 16, 2020
“Insanely Fast,” “Biggest Generational Leap” “New High-End Gaming Champion”: Reviewers Rave for GeForce RTX 3080
Reviewers have just finished testing NVIDIA’s new flagship GPU — the NVIDIA RTX 3080 — and the raves are rolling in. NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang promised “a giant step into the future,” when he revealed NVIDIA’s GeForce RTX 30 Series GPUs on Sept. 1. ...

September 15, 2020
More Space, Less Jam: Transportation Agency Uses NVIDIA DRIVE for Federal Highway Pilot
It could be just a fender bender or an unforeseen rain shower, but a few seconds of disruption can translate to extra minutes or even hours of mind-numbing highway traffic. But how much of this congestion could be avoided with AI at the wheel? ...

September 15, 2020
AI From the Sky: Stealth Entrepreneur’s Drone Platform Sees into Mines
Christian Sanz isn’t above trying disguises to sneak into places. He once put on a hard hat, vest and steel-toed boots to get onto the construction site of the San Francisco 49ers football stadium to explore applications for his drone startup. That ...

September 13, 2020
NVIDIA to Acquire Arm for $40 Billion, Creating World’s Premier Computing Company for the Age of AI.… https://t.co/AIxucZmcbZ
NVIDIA to Acquire Arm for $40 Billion, Creating World’s Premier Computing Company for the Age of AI.… https://t.co/AIxucZmcbZ


September 13, 2020
NVIDIA to Acquire Arm for $40 Billion, Creating World’s Premier Computing Company for the Age of AI
NVIDIA and SoftBank Group Corp. today announced a definitive agreement under which NVIDIA will acquire Arm Limited from SBG and the SoftBank Vision Fund in a transaction valued at $40 billion.

September 13, 2020
Letter From Jensen: Creating a Premier Company for the Age of AI
NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang sent the following letter to NVIDIA employees today: Hi everyone, Today, we announced that we have signed a definitive agreement to purchase Arm. Thirty years ago, a visionary team of computer scientists in ...

September 13, 2020
NVIDIA and Arm to Create World-Class AI Research Center in Cambridge
Artificial intelligence is the most powerful technology force of our time. It is the automation of automation, where software writes software. While AI began in the data center, it is moving quickly to the edge — to stores, warehouses, hospitals, ...

September 28, 2020
Drug Discovery in the Age of COVID-19
Drug discovery is like searching for the right jigsaw tile — in a puzzle box with 1060 molecular-size pieces. AI and HPC tools help researchers more quickly narrow down the options, like picking out a subset of correctly shaped and colored puzzle ...

September 28, 2020
AI in Schools: Sony Reimagines Remote Learning with Artificial Intelligence
Back to school was destined to look different this year. With the world adapting to COVID-19, safety measures are preventing a return to in-person teaching in many places. Also, students learning through conventional video conferencing systems often ...

September 26, 2020
Whether It’s Rembrandt or Toilets, ‘Curiosity About How Things Work’ Is Key to Innovation, CGI Legend Pat Hanrahan Says
You may have never heard of Pat Hanrahan, but you have almost certainly seen his work. His list of credits includes three Academy Awards, and his work on Pixar’s RenderMan rendering technology enabled Hollywood megahits Toy Story, Finding Nemo, Cars ...

September 25, 2020
New Earth Simulator to Take on Planet’s Biggest Challenges
A new supercomputer under construction is designed to tackle some of the planet’s toughest life sciences challenges by speedily crunching vast quantities of environmental data. The Japan Agency for Marine-Earth Science and Technology, or JAMSTEC, ...

September 24, 2020
Modeled Behavior: dSPACE Introduces High-Fidelity Vehicle Dynamics Simulation on NVIDIA DRIVE Sim
When it comes to autonomous vehicle simulation testing, every detail must be on point. With its high-fidelity automotive simulation model (ASM) on NVIDIA DRIVE Sim, global automotive supplier dSPACE is helping developers keep virtual self-driving ...

September 24, 2020
Inception: Exploring the AI Startup Ecosystem with NVIDIA’s Jeff Herbst
Jeff Herbst is a fixture of the AI startup ecosystem. Which makes sense since he’s the VP of business development at NVIDIA and head of NVIDIA Inception, a virtual accelerator that currently has over 6,000 members in a wide range of industries. ...

September 23, 2020
Surfing Gravity’s Waves: HPC+AI Hang a Cosmic Ten
Eliu Huerta is harnessing AI and high performance computing (HPC) to observe the cosmos more clearly. For several years, the astrophysics researcher has been chipping away at a grand challenge, using data to detect signals produced by collisions of ...

September 23, 2020
AI Scorekeeper: Scotiabank Sharpens the Pencil in Credit Risk
Paul Edwards is helping carry the age-old business of giving loans into the modern era of AI. Edwards started his career modeling animal behavior as a Ph.D. in numerical ecology. He left his lab coat behind to lead a group of data scientists at ...

September 22, 2020
NVIDIA and Oracle Advance AI in Cloud for Enterprises Globally
AI is reshaping markets in extraordinary ways. Soon, every company will be in AI, and will need both speed and scale to power increasingly complex machine learning models. Accelerating innovation for enterprises around the world, Oracle today ...

September 22, 2020
AI in the Hand of the Artist
Humans are wielding AI to create art, and a virtual exhibit that’s part of NVIDIA’s GPU Technology Conference showcases the stunning results. The AI Art Gallery at NVIDIA GTC features pieces by a broad collection of artists, developers and ...

October 05, 2020
AI Can See Clearly Now: GANs Take the Jitters Out of Video Calls
Ming-Yu Liu and Arun Mallya were on a video call when one of them started to break up, then freeze. It’s an irksome reality of life in the pandemic that most of us have shared. But unlike most of us, Liu and Mallya could do something about it. They ...

October 05, 2020
NVIDIA Building UK’s Most Powerful Supercomputer, Dedicated to AI Research in Healthcare
GSK, AstraZeneca, Guy’s and St Thomas’ NHS Foundation Trust, King’s College London, Oxford Nanopore to Tap NVIDIA’s New ‘Cambridge-1’ AI Supercomputer
NVIDIA today announced that it is building the United Kingdom’s most powerful supercomputer, which it will make available to U.K. healthcare researchers using AI to solve pressing medical challenges, including those presented by COVID-19.

October 05, 2020
NVIDIA Introduces New Family of BlueField DPUs to Bring Breakthrough Networking, Storage and Security Performance to Every Data Center
New Data-Center-Infrastructure-on-a-Chip Software — DOCA SDK — Enables Developers to Create New DPU-Accelerated Infrastructure Applications; VMware Announces NVIDIA BlueField-2 Support as Part of Redefinition of Hybrid Cloud Architecture
NVIDIA today announced a new kind of processor — DPUs, or data processing units — supported by DOCA, a novel data-center-infrastructure-on-a-chip architecture that enables breakthrough networking, storage and security performance.

October 01, 2020
NVIDIA vGPU Software Accelerates Performance with Support for NVIDIA Ampere Architecture
From AI to VDI, NVIDIA virtual GPU products provide employees with powerful performance for any workflow. vGPU technology helps IT departments easily scale the delivery of GPU resources, and allows professionals to collaborate and run advanced ...

October 01, 2020
Get Trained, Go Deep: How Organizations Can Transform Their Workforce into an AI Powerhouse
Despite the pandemic putting in-person training on hold, organizations can still offer instructor-led courses to their staff to develop key skills in AI, data science and accelerated computing. NVIDIA’s Deep Learning Institute offers many online ...

September 30, 2020
How AI Startup BroadBridge Networks Helps Security Teams Make Sense of Data Chaos
Cybersecurity has grown into a morass. With increasingly hybrid computing environments, dispersed users accessing networks around the clock, and the Internet of Things creating more data than security teams have ever seen, organizations are throwing ...

September 29, 2020
AI for Every Enterprise: NVIDIA, VMware CEOs Discuss Broad New Partnership
Promising to bring AI to every enterprise, VMware CEO Pat Gelsinger and NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang kicked off VMworld 2020 Tuesday with a conversation detailing the companies’ broad new partnership. VMware and NVIDIA announced that, together, they will ...

September 29, 2020
The Power of Two: VMware, NVIDIA Bring AI to the Virtual Data Center
Two key components of enterprise AI just snapped in place thanks to longtime partners who pioneered virtual desktops, virtual graphics workstations and more. Taking their partnership to a new level, VMware and NVIDIA are uniting accelerated ...

September 29, 2020
Networks on Steroids: VMware, NVIDIA Power the Data Center with DPUs
The data center’s grid is about to plug in to a new source of power. It rides a kind of network interface card called a SmartNIC. Its smarts and speed spring from an ASIC called a data processing unit. In short, the DPU packs the power of data ...

September 29, 2020
VMware and NVIDIA to Enable Next-Gen Hybrid Cloud Architecture and Bring AI to Every Enterprise
300,000-plus VMware Customers Can Benefit from Unified Management of NVIDIA AI Software with All Apps, Tap into Security, Acceleration Capabilities of NVIDIA BlueField-2 DPU
At VMworld 2020, VMware and NVIDIA today announced a broad partnership to deliver both an end-to-end enterprise platform for AI and ...


October 05, 2020
NVIDIA Enables Future of Zero-Trust Enterprise Security
Cloud-minded enterprises face a number of challenges: From hybrid cloud architectures and infrastructure virtualization to multiple levels of attacks and a lack of visibility. Complex issues like these limit an enterprise’s ability to implement ...

October 05, 2020
New NVIDIA Studio Announcements at GTC Support Creators at Home and in Studio
Creators now have access to more options and unparalleled computing performance with the expansion of the NVIDIA Studio program, announced today at the GPU Technology Conference (GTC). NVIDIA introduced a flagship GPU for creators — the NVIDIA RTX ...

October 05, 2020
NVIDIA CEO Outlines Vision for ‘Age of AI’ in News-Packed GTC Kitchen Keynote
Outlining a sweeping vision for the “age of AI,” NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang Monday kicked off this week’s GPU Technology Conference. Huang made major announcements in data centers, edge AI, collaboration tools and healthcare in a talk simultaneously ...

October 05, 2020
NVIDIA Announces Cloud-AI Video-Streaming Platform to Better Connect Millions Working and Studying Remotely
GPU-Accelerated AI Platform, NVIDIA Maxine, Enables Video-Conference Providers to Vastly Improve Streaming Quality and Offer AI-Powered Features Including Super Resolution, Gaze Correction and Live Captions
GTC — NVIDIA today announced the NVIDIA Maxine platform, which provides developers with a cloud-based suite of GPU-accelerated AI video conferencing software to enhance streaming video — the internet’s No. 1 source of traffic.

October 05, 2020
NVIDIA Announces Ready-Made NVIDIA DGX SuperPODs, Offered by Global Network of Certified Partners
World’s Most Advanced AI System Now Available in 20-Node Building Block Increments; First Installments Shipping by Yearend to Korea, UK, Sweden and India
GTC — NVIDIA today announced the NVIDIA DGX SuperPOD™ Solution for Enterprise, the world’s first turnkey AI infrastructure, making it possible for organizations to install incredibly powerful AI supercomputers with extraordinary speed — in many ...

October 05, 2020
NVIDIA Jarvis and Merlin Enter Open Beta, Enabling Conversational AI and Democratizing Recommenders
We’ve all been there: on a road trip and hungry. Wouldn’t it be amazing to ask your car’s driving assistant and get recommendations to nearby food, personalized to your taste? Now, it’s possible for any business to build and deploy such experiences ...

October 05, 2020
Global Technology Leaders Adopt NVIDIA EGX Edge AI Platform to Infuse Intelligence at the Edge of Every Business
Hundreds of Vision AI, 5G, CloudRAN, Security and Networking Companies Team with Leading Infrastructure Providers to Use NVIDIA EGX to Deliver Edge AI to Every Industry
GTC--NVIDIA today announced widespread adoption of the NVIDIA EGX™ edge AI platform by the world’s leading tech companies, bringing a new wave of secure, GPU-accelerated software, services and servers to enterprise and edge data centers.

October 05, 2020
NVIDIA Announces Omniverse Open Beta, Letting Designers Collaborate in Real Time — from Home or Around the World
Photorealistic, 3D Simulation and Collaboration Platform Open Beta Follows Early Access Program with Ericsson, Foster + Partners, Lucasfilm, 40+ Others
GTC – Tens of millions of designers, architects and other creators will soon be able to collaborate in real time, whether on premises or remotely, with the NVIDIA Omniverse™ platform, which NVIDIA today announced has entered open beta, with ...

October 05, 2020
NVIDIA Announces Partnership with GSK’s AI-Powered Lab for Discovery of Medicines and Vaccines
A Model for the Industry, GSK’s AI Hub Will Integrate State-of-the-Art Computing Platforms for Imaging, Genomics and AI, Including NVIDIA DGX A100 Systems, and Data Scientists
NVIDIA today announced a partnership with global healthcare company GSK and its AI group, which is applying computation to the drug and vaccine discovery process.

October 05, 2020
NVIDIA Unveils Jetson Nano 2GB: The Ultimate AI and Robotics Starter Kit for Students, Educators, Robotics Hobbyists
At $59, New Developer Kit with Free Online Training and Certification Makes AI Easily Accessible to All
NVIDIA today expanded the NVIDIA® Jetson™ AI at the Edge platform with an entry-level developer kit priced at just $59, opening the potential of AI and robotics to a new generation of students, educators and hobbyists.

October 06, 2020
Hands-On AI: Duckietown Foundation Offering Free edX Robotics Course Powered by NVIDIA Jetson Nano 2GB
For many, the portal into AI is robotics. And one of the best ways to get good at robotics is to get hands on. Roll up your sleeves, because this week at NVIDIA’s GPU Technology Conference, the Duckietown Foundation announced that it’s offering a ...

October 06, 2020
Locomation and Blackshark.ai Innovate in Real and Virtual Dimensions at GTC
The NVIDIA DRIVE ecosystem is going multidimensional. During the NVIDIA GPU Technology Conference this week, autonomous trucking startup Locomation and simulation company Blackshark.ai announced technological developments powered by NVIDIA DRIVE. ...

October 06, 2020
Swede-sational: Linköping University to Build Country’s Fastest AI Supercomputer
The land famed for its midsummer festivities and everyone’s favorite flatpack furniture store is about to add another jewel to its crown. Linköping University, home to 36,000 staff and students, has announced its plans to build Sweden’s fastest AI ...

October 05, 2020
NVIDIA AI on Microsoft Azure Machine Learning to Power Grammar Suggestions in Microsoft Editor for Word
It’s been said that good writing comes from editing. Fortunately for discerning readers everywhere, Microsoft is putting an AI-powered grammar editor at the fingertips of millions of people. Like any good editor, it’s quick and knowledgeable. That’s ...

October 05, 2020
To 3D and Beyond: Pixar’s USD Coming to an Industry Near You
It was the kind of career moment developers dream of but rarely experience. To whoops and cheers from the crowd at SIGGRAPH 2016, Dirk Van Gelder of Pixar Animation Studios launched Universal Scene Description. USD would become the open-source glue ...

October 05, 2020
NVIDIA Delivers Streaming AR and VR from the Cloud with AWS
NVIDIA and AWS are bringing the future of XR streaming to the cloud. Announced today, the NVIDIA CloudXR platform will be available on Amazon EC2 P3 and G4 instances, which support NVIDIA V100 and T4 GPUs, allowing cloud users to stream high-quality ...

October 05, 2020
Triaging COVID-19 Patients: 20 Hospitals in 20 Days Build AI Model that Predicts Oxygen Needs
Researchers at NVIDIA and Massachusetts General Brigham Hospital have developed an AI model that determines whether a person showing up in the emergency room with COVID-19 symptoms will need supplemental oxygen hours or even days after an initial ...

October 05, 2020
American Express Adopts NVIDIA AI to Help Prevent Fraud and Foil Cybercrime
Financial fraud is surging along with waves of cybersecurity breaches. Cybercrime cost the global economy $600 billion annually, or 0.8 percent of worldwide GDP, according to an estimate in 2018 from McAfee. And consulting firm Accenture forecasts ...

October 05, 2020
NVIDIA Ampere GPUs for Professional Designers Bring Unparalleled Performance to Desktop, Data Center and Cloud
The coronavirus pandemic has shifted the way content is created and consumed. Work now often involves teams dispersed across the globe, working remotely on high-resolution content while using multiple workloads and requiring massive compute ...

October 05, 2020
NVIDIA Accelerates Arm from Cloud to Edge
Arm is at the heart of billions of devices — from mobile phones and autonomous vehicles to edge systems and the world’s fastest supercomputer, Fugaku, in Japan. This broad range of systems is supported by some 13 million developers. NVIDIA is ...

October 09, 2020
AI for America: US Lawmakers Encourage ‘Massive Investment’ in Artificial Intelligence
The upcoming election isn’t the only thing on lawmakers’ minds. Several congressional representatives have been grappling with U.S. AI policy for years, and their work is getting closer to being made into law. The issue is one of America’s greatest ...

October 08, 2020
Now’s the Time: NVIDIA CEO Speaks Out on Startups, Holodecks
In a conversation that ranged from the automation of software to holodeck-style working environments, NVIDIA CEO and founder Jensen Huang explained why now is the moment to back a new generation of startups as part of this week’s GPU Technology ...

October 08, 2020
Why Retailers Are Investing in Edge Computing and AI
AI is a retailer’s automated helper, acting as a smart assistant to suggest the perfect position for products in stores, accurately predict consumer demand, automate order fulfillment in warehouses, and much more. The technology can help retailers ...

October 08, 2020
From Content Creation to Collaboration, NVIDIA Omniverse Transforms Entertainment Industry
There are major shifts happening in the media and entertainment industry. With the rise of streaming services, there’s a growing demand for high-quality programming and an increasing need for fresh content to satisfy hundreds of millions of ...

October 08, 2020
AI, 5G Will Energize U.S. Economy, Says FCC Chair at GTC
Ajit Pai recalls a cold February day, standing in a field at the Wind River reservation in central Wyoming with Arapaho Indian leaders, hearing how they used a Connecting America grant to link schools and homes to gigabit fiber Internet. It was one ...

October 08, 2020
AI Artist Pindar Van Arman’s Painting Robots Visit GTC 2020
Pindar Van Arman is a veritable triple threat — he can paint, he can program and he can program robots that paint. The AI Podcast · Art(ificial) Intelligence: Pindar Van Arman Builds Robots that Paint – Ep. 129 Van Arman first started incorporating ...

October 07, 2020
Bada Bing Bada Boom: Microsoft Turns to Turing-NLG, NVIDIA GPUs to Instantly Suggest Full-Phrase Queries
Hate hunting and pecking away at your keyboard every time you have a quick question? You’ll love this. Microsoft’s Bing search engine has turned to Turing-NLG and NVIDIA GPUs to suggest full sentences for you as you type. Turing-NLG is a ...

October 07, 2020
Coronavirus Gets a Close-Up: Folding@home Live in NVIDIA Omniverse
For researchers like Max Zimmerman, it was a welcome pile-on to tackle a global pandemic. A million citizen scientists donated time on their home systems so the Folding@home consortium could calculate the intricate movements of proteins inside the ...

October 06, 2020
Simulation Without Limits: DRIVE Sim Levels Up with NVIDIA Omniverse
The line between the physical and virtual worlds is blurring as autonomous vehicle simulation sharpens with NVIDIA Omniverse, our photorealistic 3D simulation and collaboration platform. During the GPU Technology Conference keynote, NVIDIA founder ...

October 06, 2020
Do the Robot: Free Online Training, AI Certifications Make It Easy to Learn and Teach Robotics
On land, underwater, in the air — even underground and on other planets — new autonomous machines and the applications that run on them are emerging daily. Robots are working on construction sites to improve safety, they’re on factory floors to ...

October 20, 2020
Taking It to the MAX: Adobe Photoshop Gets New NVIDIA AI-Powered Neural Filters
3D artists and video editors have long used real-time AI features to improve their work and speed up how they turn inspiration into finished art. Now, those benefits are extending to Adobe Photoshop users with the introduction of GPU-accelerated ...

October 15, 2020
NVIDIA, Zoom CEOs Talk the Future of Work
Amid a pandemic that’s put much of the world’s work, learning, even family reunions online, two of the leaders who have made today’s virtual world possible met Thursday on, where else — Zoom — to talk about what’s next. NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang and ...

October 15, 2020
Europe Launches New Era in HPC with World’s Fastest AI Supercomputer
Four new supercomputers backed by a pan-European initiative will use NVIDIA’s data center accelerators, networks and software to advance AI and high performance computing. They include one system dubbed Leonardo, unveiled today at Italy’s CINECA ...

October 15, 2020
CINECA to Build World’s Fastest AI Supercomputer with NVIDIA and Atos
New “Leonardo” System to Deliver 10 Exaflops of AI Performance to Power Italy’s HPC and AI Research
NVIDIA today announced that the Italian inter-university consortium CINECA — one of the world’s most important supercomputing centers — will use the company’s accelerated computing platform to build the world’s fastest AI supercomputer.

October 15, 2020
AI Draws World’s Smallest Wanted Posters to Apprehend COVID
Using AI and a supercomputer simulation, Ken Dill’s team drew the equivalent of wanted posters for a gang of proteins that make up COVID-19. With a little luck, one of their portraits could identify a way to arrest the coronavirus with a drug. When ...

October 15, 2020
How GPUs Are Helping Paris’ Public Hospital System Combat the Spread of COVID-19
In the battle against COVID-19, Greater Paris University Hospitals – Public Assistance Hospital of Paris (AP-HP is the French acronym) isn’t just on the medical front lines — it’s on the data front lines as well. With a network of 39 hospitals ...

October 14, 2020
At GTC, Educators and Leaders Focus on Equity in AI, Developer Diversity
Not everyone needs to be a developer, but everyone will need to be an AI decision maker. That was the message behind a panel discussion on Advancing Equitable AI, which took place at our GPU Technology Conference last week. It was one of several GTC ...

October 14, 2020
Lilt CEO Spence Green Talks Removing Language Barriers in Business
When large organizations require translation services, there’s no room for the amusing errors often produced by automated apps. That’s where Lilt, an AI-powered enterprise language translation company, comes in. Lilt CEO Spence Green spoke with AI ...

October 13, 2020
On Cloud Mine: Lenovo, Microsoft and NVIDIA Bring Cloud Computing on Premises with Azure Stack Hub
The popularity of public cloud offerings is evident — just look at how top cloud service providers report double-digit growth year over year. However, application performance requirements and regulatory compliance issues, to name two examples, often ...

October 12, 2020
Turn Your Radio On: NVIDIA Engineer Creates COVID-Safe Choirs in Cars
Music and engineering were completely separate parts of Bryce Denney’s life until the pandemic hit. By day, the Massachusetts-based NVIDIA engineer helped test processors. On nights and weekends, he played piano chamber music and accompanied theater ...

October 30, 2020
Data Makes It Beta: Roborace Returns for Second Season with Updateable Self-Driving Vehicles Powered by NVIDIA DRIVE
Amid the COVID-19 pandemic, live sporting events are mostly being held without fans in the stands. At Roborace, they’re removing humans from the field as well, without sacrificing any of the action. Read article > The post Data Makes It Beta: ...

October 28, 2020
SoftBank Group, NVIDIA CEOs on What’s Next for AI
Good news: AI will soon be everywhere. Better news: it will be put to work by everyone. Sharing a vision of AI enabling humankind, NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang Wednesday joined Masayoshi Son, Chairman and CEO of SoftBank Group Corp. as a guest for his ...

October 28, 2020
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for Third-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of CallSANTA CLARA, Calif., Oct. 28, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA will host a conference call on Wednesday, November 18, at 2 p.m. PT (5 p.m. ...

October 27, 2020
Listening to the Siren Call: Virginia Tech Works with NVIDIA to Test AV Interactions with Emergency Vehicles
Move over, self-driving cars. The Virginia Tech Transportation Institute has received a federal grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation to study how autonomous vehicles interact with emergency vehicles and public safety providers. VTTI, the ...

October 23, 2020
Government Execs Must Be ‘Brave, Bold and Benevolent’ to Hasten AI Adoption, Experts Say
Hundreds of technology experts from the public and private sectors, as well as academia, came together earlier this month for NVIDIA’s GPU Technology Conference to discuss U.S. federal agency adoption of AI and how industry can help. Leaders from ...

October 23, 2020
Old Clips Become Big Hits: AI-Enhanced Videos Script a Success Story
After his AI-enhanced vintage video went viral, Denis Shiryaev launched a startup to bottle the magic. Soon anyone who wants to dust off their old films may be able to use his neural networks. The story began with a blog on Telegram by the Russian ...

October 23, 2020
What Is Computer Vision?
Computer vision has become so good that the days of general managers screaming at umpires in baseball games in disputes over pitches may become a thing of the past. That’s because developments in image classification along with parallel processing ...

October 21, 2020
NVIDIA Xavier Shatters Records, Excels in Back-to-Back Performance Benchmarks
AI-powered vehicles aren’t a future vision, they’re a reality today. And they’re only truly possible on NVIDIA Xavier, our system-on-a-chip for autonomous vehicles. The key to these cutting-edge vehicles is inference — the process of running AI ...

October 21, 2020
NVIDIA Inference Performance Surges as AI Use Crosses Tipping Point
Inference, the work of using AI in applications, is moving into mainstream uses, and it’s running faster than ever. NVIDIA GPUs won all tests of AI inference in data center and edge computing systems in the latest round of the industry’s only ...

October 21, 2020
NVIDIA Smashes Performance Records on AI Inference
NVIDIA Extends Lead on MLPerf Benchmark with A100 Delivering up to 237x Faster AI Inference Than CPUs, Enabling Businesses to Move AI from Research to Production
NVIDIA today announced its AI computing platform has again smashed performance records in the latest round of MLPerf, extending its lead on the industry’s only independent benchmark measuring AI performance of hardware, software and services.

November 16, 2020
NVIDIA Announces Mellanox InfiniBand for Exascale AI Supercomputing
Global Ecosystem of Server and Storage Partners to Offer Systems with NVIDIA Mellanox 400G, World’s Only Fully In-Network Acceleration Platform
SC20—NVIDIA today introduced the next generation of NVIDIA® Mellanox® 400G InfiniBand, giving AI developers and scientific researchers the fastest networking performance available to take on the world’s most challenging problems.

November 16, 2020
NVIDIA Doubles Down: Announces A100 80GB GPU, Supercharging World’s Most Powerful GPU for AI Supercomputing
Leading Systems Providers Atos, Dell Technologies, Fujitsu, GIGABYTE, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Inspur, Lenovo, Quanta and Supermicro to Offer NVIDIA A100 Systems to World’s Industries
SC20—NVIDIA today unveiled the NVIDIA® A100 80GB GPU — the latest innovation powering the NVIDIA HGX™ AI supercomputing platform — with twice the memory of its predecessor, providing researchers and engineers unprecedented speed and performance to ...

November 16, 2020
NVIDIA DGX Station A100 Offers Researchers AI Data-Center-in-a-Box
World’s Only Petascale Integrated AI Workgroup Server, Second-Gen DGX Station Packs Four NVIDIA A100 GPUs, Debuts with up to 320GB of GPU Memory to Bring AI into Offices and Labs
SC20—NVIDIA today announced the NVIDIA DGX Station™ A100 — the world’s only petascale workgroup server. The second generation of the groundbreaking AI system, DGX Station A100 accelerates demanding machine learning and data science workloads for ...

November 12, 2020
Fast and Furio: Artist Accelerates Rendering on the Go with NVIDIA RTX Laptop
No traveling for work? No problem — at least not for character concept artist Furio Tedeschi. Tedeschi has worked on films like Transformers and Bumblebee: The Movie, as well as games like Mass Effect: Andromeda from Bioware. Currently, he’s working ...

November 09, 2020
Hyundai Motor Group Selects NVIDIA DRIVE Infotainment and AI Platform for All Future Hyundai, Kia and Genesis Models
Entire Fleet to Feature Software-Defined and Perpetually Updateable AI User Experiences Starting in 2022
NVIDIA and Hyundai Motor Group today announced that the automaker’s entire lineup of Hyundai, Kia and Genesis models will come standard with NVIDIA DRIVE™ in-vehicle infotainment systems starting in 2022.

November 09, 2020
Hyundai Motor Group to Integrate Software-Defined AI Infotainment Powered by NVIDIA DRIVE Across Entire Fleet
From its entry-level vehicles to premium ones, Hyundai Motor Group will deliver the latest in AI-powered convenience and safety to every new customer. The leading global auto group, which produces more than 7 million vehicles a year, announced today ...

November 09, 2020
NVIDIA Names Aarti Shah to Board of Directors
NVIDIA today announced that it has named to its board of directors Aarti Shah, who serves as senior vice president and chief information ...

November 09, 2020
Accelerating Research: Texas A&M Launching Grace Supercomputer for up to 20x Boost
Texas A The post Accelerating Research: Texas A&M Launching Grace Supercomputer for up to 20x Boost appeared first on The Official NVIDIA Blog.

November 02, 2020
NVIDIA A100 Launches on AWS, Marking Dawn of Next Decade in Accelerated Cloud Computing
Amazon Web Services’ first GPU instance debuted 10 years ago, with the NVIDIA M2050. At that time, CUDA-based applications were focused primarily on accelerating scientific simulations, with the rise of AI and deep learning still a ways off. Since ...

November 02, 2020
‘Marbles at Night’ Illuminates Future of Graphics in NVIDIA Omniverse
Reflections have never looked so good. Artists are using NVIDIA RTX GPUs to take real-time graphics to the next level, creating visuals with rendered surfaces and light reflections to produce incredible photorealistic details. The Marbles RTX ...

November 19, 2020
Science Magnified: Gordon Bell Winners Combine HPC, AI
Seven finalists including both winners of the 2020 Gordon Bell awards used supercomputers to see more clearly atoms, stars and more — all accelerated with NVIDIA technologies. Their efforts required the traditional number crunching of high ...

November 19, 2020
COVID-19 Spurs Scientific Revolution in Drug Discovery with AI
Research across global academic and commercial labs to create a more efficient drug discovery process won recognition today with a special Gordon Bell Prize for work fighting COVID-19. A team of 27 researchers led by Rommie Amaro at the University ...

November 19, 2020
A Binding Decision: Startup Uses Microscopy Breakthrough to Speed Creation of COVID-19 Vaccines
In the global race to tame the spread of COVID-19, scientific researchers and pharmaceutical companies first must understand the virus’s protein structure. Doing so requires building detailed 3D models of protein molecules, which until recently has ...

November 19, 2020
NVIDIA RTX Real-Time Rendering Inspires Vivid Visuals, Captivating Cinematics for Film and Television
Concept art is often considered the bread and butter of filmmaking, and Ryan Church is the concept design supervisor that’s behind the visuals of many of our favorite films. Church has created concept art for blockbusters such as Avatar, ...

November 19, 2020
GeForce NOW Streaming Comes to iOS Safari
GeForce NOW transforms underpowered or incompatible hardware into high-performance GeForce gaming rigs. Now, we’re bringing the world of PC gaming to iOS devices through Safari. GeForce NOW is streaming on iOS Safari, in beta, starting today. That ...

November 18, 2020
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Third Quarter Fiscal 2021
NVIDIA today reported record revenue for the third quarter ended October 25, 2020, of $4.73 billion, up 57 percent from $3.01 billion a year earlier, and up 22 percent from $3.87 billion in the previous quarter.

November 17, 2020
Anatomical Adventures in VR: University’s Science Visualizations Tap NVIDIA CloudXR and 5G
5G networks are poised to transform the healthcare industry, starting with how medical students learn. The Grid Factory, a U.K.-based provider of NVIDIA GPU-accelerated services, is partnering with telecommunications company Vodafone to showcase the ...

November 17, 2020
Take the A100 Train: HPC Centers Worldwide Jump Aboard NVIDIA AI Supercomputing Fast Track
Supercomputing centers worldwide are onboarding NVIDIA Ampere GPU architecture to serve the growing demands of heftier AI models for everything from drug discovery to energy research. Joining this movement, Fujitsu has announced a new exascale ...

November 17, 2020
NVIDIA, Ampere Computing Raise Arm 26x in Supercomputing
In the past 18 months, researchers have witnessed a whopping 25.5x performance boost for Arm-based platforms in high performance computing, thanks to the combined efforts of the Arm and NVIDIA ecosystems. Many engineers deserve a round of applause ...

November 16, 2020
Changing Times: How the World’s TOP500 Supercomputers Don’t Just Have to Be Fast, But Smart
The world’s fastest supercomputers aren’t just faster than ever. They’re smarter and support a greater variety of workloads, too. Nearly 70 percent of the machines, including eight of the top 10, on the latest TOP500 list of the world’s fastest ...

December 07, 2020
NVIDIA Boosts Academic AI Research for Business Innovation
Academic researchers are developing AI to solve challenging problems with everything from agricultural robotics to autonomous flying machines. To help AI research like this make the leap from academia to commercial or government deployment, NVIDIA ...

December 03, 2020
Big Wheels Keep on Learnin’: Einride’s AI Trucks Advance Capabilities with NVIDIA DRIVE AGX Orin
Swedish startup Einride has rejigged the big rig for highways around the world. The autonomous truck maker launched the next generation of its cab-less autonomous truck, known as the Pod, with new, advanced functionality and pricing. The AI ...

December 03, 2020
Chalk and Awe: Studio Crafts Creative Battle Between Stick Figures with Real-Time Rendering
It’s time to bring krisp graphics to stick figure drawings. Creative studio SoKrispyMedia, started by content creators Sam Wickert and Eric Leigh, develops short videos blended with high-quality visual effects. Since publishing one of their early ...

December 01, 2020
NVIDIA Debuts GeForce RTX 3060 Family for the Holidays
Starting at $399, GeForce RTX 3060 Ti Delivers Amazing Ray-Tracing and DLSS Performance to Season’s Hottest Titles; Available Tomorrow
Bringing its RTX 30 Series lineup of gaming GPUs to the market’s sweet spot, NVIDIA today introduced the GeForce® RTX™ 3060 Ti, the first member of the RTX 3060 family, powered by the NVIDIA Ampere architecture and the second generation of NVIDIA ...

November 30, 2020
How to Avoid Speed Bumps and Stay in the AI Fast Lane with Hybrid Cloud Infrastructure
Cloud or on premises? That’s the question many organizations ask when building AI infrastructure. Cloud computing can help developers get a fast start with minimal cost. It’s great for early experimentation and supporting temporary needs. As ...

November 30, 2020
MONAI Imaging Framework Fast-Tracked to Production to Accelerate AI in Healthcare
MONAI — the Medical Open Network for AI, a domain-optimized, open-source framework for healthcare — is now ready for production with the upcoming release of the NVIDIA Clara application framework for AI-powered healthcare and life sciences. ...

November 30, 2020
NVIDIA Launches Inception Alliance with GE Healthcare and Nuance to Accelerate Medical Imaging AI Startups
Just over 125 years ago, on Nov. 8, 1895, the world’s first X-ray image was captured. It was a breakthrough that set the stage for the modern medical imaging industry. Over the decades, an entire ecosystem of medical imaging hardware and software ...

November 24, 2020
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
SANTA CLARA, Calif., Nov. 24, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community: Credit Suisse 24th Annual Technology Conference Monday, Nov. 30, ...

November 20, 2020
Supercomputing Chops: Tsinghua U. Takes Top Flops in SC20 Student Cluster Battle
Props to team top flops. Virtual this year, the SC20 Student Cluster Competition was still all about teams vying for top supercomputing performance in the annual battle for HPC bragging rights. That honor went to Beijing-based Tsinghua University, ...

November 20, 2020
Bringing Enterprise Medical Imaging to Life: RSNA Highlights What’s Next for Radiology
As the healthcare world battles the pandemic, the medical-imaging field is gaining ground with AI, forging new partnerships and funding startup innovation. It will all be on display at RSNA, the Radiological Society of North America’s annual ...

December 15, 2020
The Metaverse Begins: NVIDIA Omniverse Open Beta Now Available
Explore virtual collaboration and photorealistic simulation with NVIDIA Omniverse open beta, available now. NVIDIA Omniverse is an open, cloud-native platform that makes it easy to accelerate design workflows and collaborate in real time. Omniverse ...

December 14, 2020
NVIDIA Chief Scientist Highlights New AI Research in GTC Keynote
NVIDIA researchers are defining ways to make faster AI chips in systems with greater bandwidth that are easier to program, said Bill Dally, NVIDIA’s chief scientist, in a keynote released today for a virtual GTC China event. He described three ...

December 14, 2020
Stuttgart Supercomputing Center Shifts into AI Gear
Stuttgart’s supercomputer center has been cruising down the autobahn of high performance computing like a well-torqued coupe, and now it’s making a pitstop for some AI fuel. Germany’s High-Performance Computing Center Stuttgart (HLRS), one of ...

December 10, 2020
How GPUs Can Democratize Deep Reinforcement Learning for Robotics Development
It can take a puppy weeks to learn that certain kinds of behaviors will result in a yummy treat, extra cuddles or a belly rub — and that other behaviors won’t. With a system of positive reinforcement, a pet pooch will in time anticipate that chasing ...

December 09, 2020
Talk Stars: Israeli AI Startup Brings Fluency to Natural Language Understanding
Whether talking with banks, cell phone providers or insurance companies, customers often encounter AI-powered voice interfaces to direct their calls to the right department. But these interfaces typically are limited to understanding certain ...

December 09, 2020
Behind the Scenes at NeurIPS with NVIDIA and CalTech’s Anima Anandkumar
Anima Anandkumar is setting a personal record this week with seven of her team’s research papers accepted to NeurIPS 2020. The 34th annual Neural Information Processing Systems conference is taking place virtually from Dec. 6-12. The premier event ...

December 08, 2020
NVIDIA Chief Scientist Bill Dally to Keynote at GTC China
Bill Dally — one of the world’s foremost computer scientists and head of NVIDIA’s research efforts — will deliver the keynote address during GTC China, the latest event in the world’s premier conference series focused on AI, deep learning and high ...

December 08, 2020
Majority Report: Experts Talk Future of AI and Its Impact on Global Industries
AI is the largest technology force of our time, with the most potential to transform industries. It will bring new intelligence to healthcare, education, automotive, retail and finance, creating trillions of dollars in a new AI economy. As ...

December 08, 2020
Faster Physics: How AI and NVIDIA A100 GPUs Automate Particle Physics
What are the fundamental laws that govern our universe? How did the matter in the universe today get there? What exactly is dark matter? The questions may be eternal, but no human scientist has an eternity to answer them. Now, thanks to NVIDIA ...

December 07, 2020
NVIDIA Research Achieves AI Training Breakthrough Using Limited Datasets
NVIDIA Research’s latest AI model is a prodigy among generative adversarial networks. Using a fraction of the study material needed by a typical GAN, it can learn skills as complex as emulating renowned painters and recreating images of cancer ...

December 22, 2020
Sparkles in the Rough: NVIDIA’s Video Gems from a Hardscrabble 2020
Much of 2020 may look best in the rearview mirror, but the year also held many moments of outstanding work, gems worth hitting the rewind button to see again. So, here’s a countdown — roughly in order of ascending popularity — of 10 favorite NVIDIA ...

December 18, 2020
Inception to the Rule: AI Startups Thrive Amid Tough 2020
2020 served up a global pandemic that roiled the economy. Yet the startup ecosystem has managed to thrive and even flourish amid the tumult. That may be no coincidence. Crisis breeds opportunity. And nowhere has that been more prevalent than with ...

December 18, 2020
Shifting Paradigms, Not Gears: How the Auto Industry Will Solve the Robotaxi Problem
A giant toaster with windows. That’s the image for many when they hear the term “robotaxi.” But there’s much more to these futuristic, driverless vehicles than meets the eye. They could be, in fact, the next generation of transportation. Automakers, ...

December 18, 2020
Role of the New Machine: Amid Shutdown, NVIDIA’s Selene Supercomputer Busier Than Ever
And you think you’ve mastered social distancing. Selene is at the center of some of NVIDIA’s most ambitious technology efforts. Selene sends thousands of messages a day to colleagues on Slack. Selene’s wired into GitLab, a key industry tool for ...

December 18, 2020
AI at Your Fingertips: NVIDIA Launches Storefront in AWS Marketplace
AI is transforming businesses across every industry, but like any journey, the first steps can be the most important. To help enterprises get a running start, we’re collaborating with Amazon Web Services to bring 21 NVIDIA NGC software resources ...

December 17, 2020
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community:

December 17, 2020
Sustainable and Attainable: Zoox Unveils Autonomous Robotaxi Powered by NVIDIA
When it comes to future mobility, you may not have to pave as many paradises for personal car parking lots. This week, autonomous mobility company Zoox unveiled its much-anticipated purpose-built robotaxi. Designed for everyday urban mobility, the ...

December 16, 2020
All AIs on Quality: Startup’s NVIDIA Jetson-Enabled Inspections Boost Manufacturing
Once the founder of a wearable computing startup, Arye Barnehama understands the toils of manufacturing consumer devices. He moved to Shenzhen in 2014 to personally oversee production lines for his brain waves-monitoring headband, Melon. It was an ...

December 16, 2020
Pinterest Trains Visual Search Faster with Optimized Architecture on NVIDIA GPUs
Pinterest now has more than 440 million reasons to offer the best visual search experience. That’s because its monthly active users are tracking this high for its popular image sharing and social media service. Visual search enables Pinterest users ...

December 15, 2020
Scotland’s Rural College Makes Moo-ves Against Bovine Tuberculosis with AI
Each morning millions of bleary-eyed people pour milk into their bowls of cereal or cups of coffee without a second thought as to where that beverage came from. Few will consider the processes in place to maintain the health of the animals involved ...

January 11, 2021
AI, Computational Advances Ring In New Era for Healthcare
We’re at a pivotal moment to unlock a new, AI-accelerated era of discovery and medicine, says Kimberly Powell, NVIDIA’s vice president of healthcare. Speaking today at the J.P. Morgan Healthcare conference, held virtually, Powell outlined how AI and ...

January 11, 2021
Freeze the Day: How UCSF Researchers Clear Up Cryo-EM Images with GPUs
When photographers take long-exposure photos, they maximize the amount of light their camera sensors receive. The technique helps capture scenes like the night sky, but it introduces blurring in the final image, as in the example at right. It’s not ...

January 11, 2021
Out of This World Graphics: ‘Gods of Mars’ Come Alive with NVIDIA RTX Real-Time Rendering
The journey to making the upcoming film Gods of Mars changed course dramatically once real-time rendering entered the picture. The movie, currently in production, features a mix of cinematic visual effects with live-action elements. The film crew ...

January 11, 2021
New Year, New Energy: Leading EV Makers Kick Off 2021 with NVIDIA DRIVE
Electric vehicle upstarts have gained a foothold in the industry and are using NVIDIA DRIVE to keep that momentum going. Nowhere is the trend of electric vehicles more apparent than in China, the world’s largest automotive market, where electric ...

January 09, 2021
NIO Partners with NVIDIA to Develop a New Generation of Automated Driving Electric Vehicles
EV Models Featuring NIO Adam Supercomputer Powered by NVIDIA DRIVE Orin to Begin Production in 2022
NIO, a pioneer in China’s premium smart electric vehicle market, and NVIDIA announced today that the automaker has selected the NVIDIA DRIVE Orin™ system-on-a-chip (SoC) for its new generation of electric vehicles, which will offer advanced ...

January 09, 2021
Adam and EV: NIO Selects NVIDIA for Intelligent, Electric Vehicles
Chinese electric automaker NIO will use NVIDIA DRIVE for advanced automated driving technology in its future fleets, marking the genesis of truly intelligent and personalized NIO vehicles. During a global reveal event, the EV maker took the wraps ...

January 08, 2021
Mercedes-Benz Transforms Vehicle Cockpit with NVIDIA-Powered AI
The AI cockpit has reached galactic proportions with the new Mercedes-Benz MBUX Hyperscreen. During a digital event, the luxury automaker unveiled the newest iteration of its intelligent infotainment system — a single surface extending from the ...

January 06, 2021
In a Quarantine Slump? How One High School Student Used AI to to Stay on Track
Canadian high schooler Ana DuCristea has a clever solution for the quarantine slump. Using AI and natural language processing, she programmed an app capable of setting customizable reminders so you won’t miss any important activities, like baking ...

December 28, 2020
AI on the Aisles: Startup’s Jetson-Powered Inventory Management Boosts Revenue
Penn State University pals Brad Bogolea and Mirza Shah were living in Silicon Valley when they pitched Jeff Gee on their robotics concepts. Fortunately for them, the star designer was working at the soon-to-shutter Willow Garage robotics lab. So the ...

December 23, 2020
Hey, Mr. DJ: Super Hi-Fi’s AI Applies Smarts to Sound
Brendon Cassidy, CTO and chief scientist at Super Hi-Fi, uses AI to give everyone the experience of a radio station tailored to their unique tastes. Super Hi-Fi, an AI startup and member of the NVIDIA Inception program, develops technology that ...

January 21, 2021
On the Road Again: GeForce NOW Alliance Expanding to Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Australia
Bringing more games to more gamers, our GeForce NOW game-streaming service is coming soon to Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Australia. Turkcell, Zain KSA and Pentanet are the latest telcos to join the GeForce NOW Alliance. By placing NVIDIA RTX Servers on ...

January 19, 2021
A Trusted Companion: AI Software Keeps Drivers Safe and Focused on the Road Ahead
NVIDIA DRIVE IX is an open, scalable cockpit software platform that provides AI functions to enable a full range of in-cabin experiences, including intelligent visualization with augmented reality and virtual reality, conversational AI and interior ...

January 14, 2021
Amid CES, NVIDIA Packs Flying, Driving, Gaming Tech News into a Single Week
Flying, driving, gaming, racing… amid the first-ever virtual Consumer Electronics Show this week, NVIDIA-powered technologies spilled out in all directions. In automotive, Chinese automakers SAIC and NIO announced they’ll use NVIDIA DRIVE in future ...

January 14, 2021
IM AI: China Automaker SAIC Unveils EV Brand Powered by NVIDIA DRIVE Orin
There’s a new brand of automotive intelligence equipped with the brains — and the battery — to go the distance. SAIC, the largest automaker in China, joined forces with etail giant Alibaba to unveil a new premium EV brand, dubbed IM, or ...

January 12, 2021
Glassdoor Ranks NVIDIA No. 2 in Latest Best Places to Work List
NVIDIA is the second-best place to work in the U.S. according to a ranking released today by Glassdoor. The site’s Best Places to Work in 2021 list rates the 100 best U.S. companies with more than 1,000 employees, based on how their own employees ...

January 12, 2021
Thought Gaming Was Big in 2020? 2021 Is Amped Up for More
Cooking on video calls with friends. Getting to the end of Netflix’s endless content well. Going 10 months without a haircut. Over the past year, we all found different ways to keep ourselves occupied. Gaming, however, is a longer-term trend that ...

January 12, 2021
The Ultimate Creative Machines: NVIDIA Studio Laptops Now with GeForce RTX 30 Series Laptop GPUs
The latest NVIDIA Studio laptops, powered by new NVIDIA GeForce RTX 30 Series Laptop GPUs, are empowering the next generation of creativity. And they bring a host of updates to change how fast creators work. New models come equipped with up to 16GB ...

January 12, 2021
NVIDIA Ampere Architecture Powers Record 70+ New GeForce RTX Laptops
GeForce RTX 30 Series Laptop GPUs Offer Up to 2x Efficiency, 3rd Gen Max-Q Technology, Start at $999
A new era of laptops begins today featuring the NVIDIA Ampere architecture, with the launch of 70+ models powered by GeForce® RTX™ 30 Series Laptop GPUs.

January 12, 2021
NVIDIA Introduces GeForce RTX 3060, Next Generation of the World’s Most Popular GPU
Powered by NVIDIA Ampere Architecture, Delivers Up to 10x the Ray-Tracing Performance of GTX 1060; Starting at $329
NVIDIA today announced that it is bringing the NVIDIA Ampere architecture to millions more PC gamers with the new GeForce® RTX™ 3060 GPU.

January 12, 2021
NVIDIA Introduces GeForce RTX 30 Series Laptops, RTX 3060 Graphics Cards, New RTX Games & Features in Special Event
Bringing more gaming capabilities to millions more gamers, NVIDIA on Tuesday announced more than 70 new laptops will feature GeForce RTX 30 Series Laptop GPUs and unveiled the NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3060 graphics card for desktops. All are powered by ...

February 04, 2021
Achievement Unlocked: Celebrating Year One of GeForce NOW
It’s a celebration, gamers! One year ago to the day we launched GeForce NOW, our cloud gaming service that transforms ordinary hardware into an extraordinarily powerful GeForce gaming PC. It’s the always-on gaming rig that never needs upgrading or ...

February 04, 2021
GFN Thursday — 30 Games Coming in February, 13 Available Today
Scientifically speaking, today is the best day of the week, because today is GFN Thursday. And that means more of the best PC games streaming right from the cloud across all of your devices. This is a special GFN Thursday, too — not just because ...

February 03, 2021
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for Fourth-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of Call
NVIDIA will host a conference call on Wednesday, February 24, at 2 p.m. PT (5 p.m. ...

February 03, 2021
Making Machines More Human: Author Brian Christian Talks the Alignment Problem
Not many can claim to be a computer programmer, nonfiction author and poet, but Brian Christian has established himself as all three. Christian has just released his newest book, The Alignment Problem, which delves into the disparity that occurs ...

January 28, 2021
Stream a Little Stream: GeForce NOW Brings New Interactive Experience to Life
As the Sundance Film Festival kicks off today, “Baymax Dreams of Fred’s Glitch,” an interactive short from Disney Media & Entertainment Distribution and Disney Television Animation, is streaming from the cloud to virtual festivalgoers, using GeForce ...

January 28, 2021
New Games, New Features — That’s GFN Thursday
We love PC games. The newest titles and the greatest classics. FPS, RPG, grand strategy, squad-based tactics, single-player, multiplayer, MMO — you name it, we love it. There are more than 800 games on GeForce NOW — including 80 of the biggest ...

January 27, 2021
NVIDIA Expands vGPU Software to Accelerate Workstations, AI Compute Workloads
Designers, engineers, researchers, creative professionals all need the flexibility to run complex workflows – no matter where they’re working from. With the newest release of NVIDIA virtual GPU (vGPU) technology, enterprises can provide their ...

January 27, 2021
A Sense of Responsibility: Lidar Sensor Makers Build on NVIDIA DRIVE
When it comes to autonomous vehicle sensor innovation, it’s best to keep an open mind — and an open development platform. That’s why NVIDIA DRIVE is the chosen platform on which the majority of these sensors run. In addition to camera sensors, ...

January 26, 2021
Certifiably Fast: Top OEMs Debut World’s First NVIDIA-Certified Systems Built to Crush AI Workloads
AI, the most powerful technology of our time, demands a new generation of computers tuned and tested to drive it forward. Starting today, data centers can get boot up a new class of accelerated servers from our partners to power their journey into ...

January 21, 2021
Take Note: Otter.ai CEO Sam Liang on Bringing Live Captions to a Meeting Near You
Sam Liang is making things easier for the creators of the NVIDIA AI Podcast — and just about every remote worker. He’s the CEO and co-founder of Otter.ai, which uses AI to produce speech-to-text transcriptions in real time or from recording uploads. ...

February 19, 2021
New Training Opportunities Now Available Worldwide from NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute Certified Instructors
For the first time ever, the NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute is making its popular instructor-led workshops available to the general public. With the launch of public workshops this week, enrollment will be open to individual developers, data ...

February 18, 2021
Miracle Qure: Founder Pooja Rao Talks Medical Technology at Qure.ai
Pooja Rao, a doctor, data scientist and entrepreneur, wants to make cutting-edge medical care available to communities around the world, regardless of their resources. Her startup, Qure.ai, is doing exactly that, with technology that’s used in 150+ ...

February 18, 2021
The Sky’s No Longer the Limit: GFN Thursday Celebrates Indie Breakthroughs — Valheim, Terraria and More
GFN Thursday is bringing gamers 11 new titles this week, but first, a question: What’s your favorite indie game? We ask because GeForce NOW supports nearly 300 of them, streaming straight from the cloud. And that’s great for gamers and indie devs. ...

February 18, 2021
GeForce Is Made for Gaming, CMP Is Made to Mine
We are gamers, through and through. We obsess about new gaming features, new architectures, new games and tech. We designed GeForce GPUs for gamers, and gamers are clamoring for more. Yet NVIDIA GPUs are programmable. And users are constantly ...

February 17, 2021
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community: Raymond James 42nd Annual Institutional Investors ...

February 11, 2021
A Capital Calculator: Upstart Credits AI with Advancing Loans
With two early hits and the promise of more to come, it feels like a whole new ballgame in lending for Grant Schneider. The AI models he helped create as vice president of machine learning for Upstart are approving more personal loans at lower ...

February 11, 2021
Fetching AI Data: Researchers Get Leg Up on Teaching Dogs New Tricks with NVIDIA Jetson
AI is going to the dogs. Literally. Colorado State University researchers Jason Stock and Tom Cavey have published a paper on an AI system to recognize and reward dogs for responding to commands. The graduate students in computer science trained ...

February 11, 2021
GFN Thursday Shines Ray-Traced Spotlight on Sweet Six-Pack of RTX Games
If Wednesday is hump day, GFN Thursday is the new official beginning of the weekend. We have a great lineup of games streaming from the cloud this week, with more details on that below. This GFN Thursday also spotlights some of the games using ...

February 08, 2021
Startup Couples AI with OR Video to Sharpen Surgeon Performance, Improve Patient Outcomes
AI is teaching cars to make better decisions, so could it do the same for surgeons? Addressing that question is the mission of Theator, a startup based in Palo Alto, Calif., with an R&D site in Tel Aviv, that’s striving to fuel the nascent ...

February 04, 2021
The Truck Stops Here: How AI Is Creating a New Kind of Commercial Vehicle
For many, the term “autonomous vehicles” conjures up images of self-driving cars. Autonomy, however, is transforming much more than personal transportation. Autonomous trucks are commercial vehicles that use AI to automate everything from shipping ...

March 04, 2021
GFN Thursday — 21 Games Coming to GeForce NOW in March
Guess what’s back? Back again? GFN Thursday. Tell a friend. Check out this month’s list of all the exciting new titles and classic games coming to GeForce NOW in March. First, let’s get into what’s coming today. Don’t Hesitate It wouldn’t be GFN ...

March 02, 2021
NVIDIA’s Marc Hamilton on Building Cambridge-1 Supercomputer During Pandemic
Since NVIDIA announced construction of the U.K.’s most powerful AI supercomputer — Cambridge-1 — Marc Hamilton, vice president of solutions architecture and engineering, has been (remotely) overseeing its building across the pond. The system, which ...

March 01, 2021
Big Planet, Bigger Data: How UK Research Center Advances Environmental Science with AI
Climate change is a big problem, and big problems require big data to understand. Few research centers take a wider lens to environmental science than the NERC Earth Observation Data Acquisition and Analysis Service (NEODAAS). Since the 1990s, the ...

February 26, 2021
Meet the Maker: DIY Builder Takes AI to Bat for Calling Balls and Strikes
Baseball players have to think fast when batting against blurry-fast pitches. Now, AI might be able to assist. Nick Bild, a Florida-based software engineer, has created an application that can signal to batters whether pitches are going to be balls ...

February 26, 2021
What Is Cloud Gaming?
Cloud gaming uses powerful, industrial-strength GPUs inside secure data centers to stream your favorite games over the internet to you. So you can play the latest games on nearly any device, even ones that can’t normally play that game. But First, ...

February 26, 2021
In the Drink of an AI: Startup Opseyes Instantly Analyzes Wastewater
Let’s be blunt. Potentially toxic waste is just about the last thing you want to get in the mail. And that’s just one of the opportunities for AI to make the business of analyzing wastewater better. It’s an industry that goes far beyond just making ...

February 25, 2021
NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute Releases New Accelerated Data Science Teaching Kit for Educators
As data grows in volume, velocity and complexity, the field of data science is booming. There’s an ever-increasing demand for talent and skillsets to help design the best data science solutions. However, expertise that can help drive these ...

February 25, 2021
Think Aggressively This GFN Thursday with Outriders Demo, 11 Additional Games
Here comes another GFN Thursday, dropping in to co-op with you as we explore the world of Square Enix’s new Outriders game. Before we get into the rest of this week’s new additions, let’s head to Enoch and take a closer look at what makes People Can ...

February 24, 2021
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2021
NVIDIA today reported record revenue for the fourth quarter ended January 31, 2021, of $5.00 billion, up 61 percent from $3.11 billion a year earlier, and up 6 percent from $4.73 billion in the previous quarter. The company’s Gaming and Data Center ...

February 23, 2021
Feelin’ Like a Million MBUX: AI Cockpit Featured in Popular Mercedes-Benz C-Class
It’s hard not to feel your best when your car makes every commute a VIP experience. This week, Mercedes-Benz launched the redesigned C-Class sedan and C-Class wagon, packed with new features for the next generation of driving. Both models ...

March 09, 2021
From Audi to Zoox: Autonomous Vehicle Innovators to Showcase Latest Breakthroughs at GTC 2021
This April, learn about the future of AI-powered transportation from those who are building it. The NVIDIA GPU Technology Conference returns to the virtual stage April 12-16, featuring autonomous vehicle leaders in a range of talks, panels and ...

March 09, 2021
How to Build Your Game Library in the Cloud
With GeForce NOW, over 5 million gamers are playing their favorite games in the cloud on PC, Mac, Chromebook, NVIDIA SHIELD TV, Android and iOS devices. With over 800 instantly available games and 80+ free-to-play games, there’s something for ...

March 09, 2021
Innovators, Researchers, Industry Leaders: Meet the Women Headlining at GTC
An A-list of female AI researchers and industry executives will take the stage at next month’s GPU Technology Conference to share the latest breakthroughs in every industry imaginable. Recognized in Forbes as a top conference for women to attend to ...

March 09, 2021
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang to Host AI Pioneers Yoshua Bengio, Geoffrey Hinton and Yann LeCun, and Others, at GTC21
Online Conference to Feature Jensen Huang Keynote and 1,300 Talks from Leaders in Data Center, Networking, Graphics and Autonomous Vehicles
NVIDIA today announced that its CEO and founder Jensen Huang will host renowned AI pioneers Yoshua Bengio, Geoffrey Hinton and Yann LeCun at the company’s upcoming technology conference, GTC21, running April 12-16. The event will kick off with a ...

March 09, 2021
How Suite It Is: NVIDIA and VMware Deliver AI-Ready Enterprise Platform
As enterprises modernize their data centers to power AI-driven applications and data science, NVIDIA and VMware are making it easier than ever to develop and deploy a multitude of different AI workloads in the modern hybrid cloud. The companies have ...

March 09, 2021
NVIDIA Unveils AI Enterprise Software Suite to Help Every Industry Unlock the Power of AI
Runs on VMware vSphere; Optimized, Certified and Supported by NVIDIA; Hundreds of Thousands of Customers in World’s Largest Industries Can Now Adopt NVIDIA AI Enterprise at Scale
NVIDIA today announced NVIDIA® AI Enterprise, a comprehensive software suite of enterprise-grade AI tools and frameworks optimized, certified and supported by NVIDIA, exclusively with VMware vSphere 7 Update 2, separately announced today.

March 08, 2021
Artists: Unleash Your Marble Arts in NVIDIA Omniverse Design Challenge
Artists, this is your chance to push past creative limits — and win great prizes — while exploring NVIDIA Omniverse through a new design contest. Called “Create with Marbles,” the contest is set in Omniverse, the groundbreaking platform for virtual ...

March 08, 2021
In Genomics Breakthrough, Harvard, NVIDIA Researchers Use AI to Spot Active Areas in Cell DNA
Like a traveler who overpacks a suitcase with a closet’s worth of clothes, most cells in the body carry around a complete copy of a person’s DNA, with billions of base pairs crammed into the nucleus. But an individual cell pulls out only the ...

March 05, 2021
Juicing AI: University of Florida Taps Computer Vision to Combat Citrus Disease
Florida orange juice is getting a taste of AI. With the Sunshine State’s $9 billion annual citrus crops plagued by a fruit-souring disease, researchers and businesses are tapping AI to help rescue the nation’s largest producer of orange juice. ...

March 05, 2021
What Is a Cluster? What Is a Pod?
Everything we do on the internet — which is just about everything we do these days — depends on the work of clusters, which are also called pods. When we stream a hot new TV show, order a pair of jeans or Zoom with grandma, we use clusters. You’re ...

March 29, 2021
Shackling Jitter and Perfecting Ping, How to Reduce Latency in Cloud Gaming
Looking to improve your cloud gaming experience? First, become a master of your network. Twitch-class champions in cloud gaming shred Wi-Fi and broadband waves. They cultivate good ping to defeat two enemies — latency and jitter. What Is Latency? ...

March 25, 2021
Come Sale Away with GFN Thursday
GFN Thursday means more games for GeForce NOW members, every single week. This week’s list includes the day-and-date release of Spacebase Startopia, but first we want to share the scoop on some fantastic sales available across our digital game store ...

March 23, 2021
Sweden’s AI Catalyst: 300-Petaflops Supercomputer Fuels Nordic Research
A Swedish physician who helped pioneer chemistry 200 years ago just got another opportunity to innovate. A supercomputer officially christened in honor of Jöns Jacob Berzelius aims to establish AI as a core technology of the next century. Berzelius ...

March 18, 2021
GeForce NOW Gets New Priority Memberships and More
As GeForce NOW enters its second year and rapidly approaches 10 million members, we’re setting our sights on fresh milestones and adding new membership offerings. First up is a new premium offering, Priority membership, which receives the same ...

March 17, 2021
Racing Ahead, Predator Cycling Speeds Design and Development of Custom Bikes with Real-Time Rendering
The world of bicycle racing has changed. Aggressive cyclists expect their bikes to meet their every need, no matter how detailed and precise. And meeting these needs requires an entirely new approach. Predator Cycling engineers and manufactures ...

March 17, 2021
In ‘Genius Makers’ Cade Metz Tells Tale of Those Behind the Unlikely Rise of Modern AI
Call it Moneyball for deep learning. New York Times writer Cade Metz tells the funny, inspiring — and ultimately triumphant — tale of how a dogged group of AI researchers bet their careers on the long-dismissed technology of deep learning. The AI ...

March 11, 2021
GFN Thursday Brings More Support for GOG Version of ‘The Witcher’ Series
Fun fact: Thursday is named for Thor, the hammer-wielding Norse god associated with lightning and thunder. We like to think he’d endorse GFN Thursday as the best day of the week, too. This is a special Thursday, as we’re happy to share that our ...

March 11, 2021
Startup Green Lights AI Analytics to Improve Traffic, Pedestrian Safety
For all the attention devoted to self-driving cars, there’s another, often-overlooked, aspect to transportation efficiency and safety: smarter roads. Derq, a startup operating out of Detroit and Dubai, has developed an AI system that can be ...

March 10, 2021
Is AI Important to Financial Services’ Future? New Survey Says You Can Bank on It
Financial services companies are challenged with defining and executing their AI strategy. AI solutions contribute to both the top and bottom line for firms by powering nearly every function, including customer service, cybersecurity, new account ...

March 09, 2021
A Plus for Autonomous Trucking: Startup to Build Next-Gen Self-Driving Platform with NVIDIA DRIVE Orin
The autonomous trucking industry is about to get a major new addition. Self-driving truck company Plus announced that its upcoming autonomous vehicle platform will be built on NVIDIA DRIVE Orin. This software-defined system will continuously improve ...

April 06, 2021
NVIDIA-Powered Systems Ready to Bask in Ice Lake
Data-hungry workloads such as machine learning and data analytics have become commonplace. To cope with these compute-intensive tasks, enterprises need accelerated servers that are optimized for high performance. Intel’s 3rd Gen Intel Xeon Scalable ...

April 06, 2021
World of Difference: GTC to Spotlight AI Developers in Emerging Markets
Startups don’t just come from Silicon Valley — they hail from Senegal, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, and beyond. And hundreds will take the stage at the GPU Technology Conference. GTC, running April 12-16, will spotlight developers and startups advancing ...

April 05, 2021
Harvesting AI: Startup’s Weed Recognition for Herbicides Grows Yield for Farmers
When French classmates Guillaume Jourdain, Hugo Serrat and Jules Beguerie were looking at applying AI to agriculture in 2014 to form a startup, it was hardly a sure bet. It was early days for such AI applications, and people said it couldn’t be ...

April 02, 2021
We Won’t See You There: Why Our Virtual GTC’s Bigger Than Ever
Call it an intellectual Star Wars bar. You could run into just about anything at GTC. Princeton’s William Tang would speak about using deep learning to unleash fusion energy, UC Berkeley’s Gerry Zhang would talk about hunting for alien signals, ...

April 01, 2021
Parsing Petabytes, SpaceML Taps Satellite Images to Help Model Wildfire Risks
When freak lightning ignited massive wildfires across Northern California last year, it also sparked efforts from data scientists to improve predictions for blazes. One effort came from SpaceML, an initiative of the Frontier Development Lab, which ...

April 01, 2021
GFN Thursday: All My Friends Know the Outriders
Spring. Rejuvenation. Everything’s blooming. And GeForce NOW adds even more games. Nature is amazing. For today’s GFN Thursday, we’re taking a look at all the exciting games coming to GeForce NOW in April. Starting with today’s launches: OUTRIDERS ...

April 01, 2021
All for the ‘Gram: The Next Big Thing on Social Media Could Be a Smarter Camera
Thanks to smartphones you can now point, click, and share your way to superstardom. Smartphones have made creating—and consuming—digital photos and video on social media a pastime for billions. But the content those phones can create can’t compare ...

March 31, 2021
Now Hear This: Startup Gives Businesses a New Voice
Got a conflict with your 2pm appointment? Just spin up a quick assistant that takes good notes and when your boss asks about you even identifies itself and explains why you aren’t there. Nice fantasy? No, it’s one of many use cases a team of some 50 ...

March 31, 2021
Art and Music in Light of AI
In the sea of virtual exhibitions that have popped up over the last year, the NVIDIA AI Art Gallery offers a fresh combination of incredible visual art, musical experiences and poetry, highlighting the narrative of an emerging art form based on AI ...

March 31, 2021
Drum Roll, Please: AI Startup Sunhouse Founder Tlacael Esparza Finds His Rhythm
Drawing on his trifecta of degrees in math, music and music technology, Tlacael Esparza, co-founder and CTO of Sunhouse, is revolutionizing electronic drumming. Esparza has created Sensory Percussion, a combination of hardware and software that uses ...

April 12, 2021
NVIDIA Partners with Schrödinger to Further Accelerate Drug Discovery Worldwide
Collaboration Enables Pharma Industry Giants, Biotech Startups to Use Schrödinger’s Computational Drug Discovery Platform Boosted by NVIDIA DGX SuperPOD and NVIDIA Clara Discovery Libraries
GTC -- NVIDIA today announced a strategic partnership with Schrödinger that harnesses NVIDIA DGX A100™ systems to further expand the speed and accuracy of...

April 12, 2021
What Is Quantum Computing?
Twenty-seven years before Steve Jobs unveiled a computer you could put in your pocket, physicist Paul Benioff published a paper showing it was theoretically possible to build a much more powerful system you could hide in a thimble — a quantum ...

April 12, 2021
Drug Discovery Gets Jolt of AI via NVIDIA Collaborations with AstraZeneca, U of Florida Health
NVIDIA is collaborating with biopharmaceutical company AstraZeneca and the University of Florida’s academic health center, UF Health, on new AI research projects using breakthrough transformer neural networks. Transformer-based neural network ...

April 12, 2021
An Engine of Innovation: Sony Levels Up for the AI Era
If you want to know what the next big thing will be, ask someone at a company that invents it time and again. “AI is a key tool for the next era, so we are providing the computing resources our developers need to generate great AI results,” said ...

April 12, 2021
NVIDIA Announces New DGX SuperPOD, the First Cloud-Native, Multi-Tenant Supercomputer, Opening World of AI to Enterprise
Customers Worldwide Advance Conversational AI, Drug Discovery, Autonomous Vehicles and More with DGX SuperPOD
GTC — NVIDIA today unveiled the world’s first cloud-native, multi-tenant AI supercomputer — the next-generation NVIDIA DGX SuperPOD™ featuring NVIDIA...

April 12, 2021
NVIDIA Extends Data Center Infrastructure Processing Roadmap with BlueField-3
First 400Gb/s DPU with Line-Rate Processing of Software-Defined Networking, Storage and Cybersecurity
GTC — NVIDIA today announced the NVIDIA® BlueField®-3 DPU, its next-generation data processing unit, to deliver the most powerful software-defined...

April 12, 2021
NVIDIA Launches Omniverse Design Collaboration and Simulation Platform for Enterprises
Leading Computer Makers Launch Workstations and NVIDIA-Certified Systems for Omniverse; BMW Group, Ericsson, Foster + Partners, WPP Among Early Adopters
GTC -- NVIDIA today announced the coming general availability of NVIDIA Omniverse™ Enterprise, the world’s first technology platform that enables global 3D...

April 08, 2021
Siege the Day as Stronghold Series Headlines GFN Thursday
It’s Thursday, which means it’s GFN Thursday — when GeForce NOW members can learn what new games and updates are streaming from the cloud. This GFN Thursday, we’re checking in on one of our favorite gaming franchises, the Stronghold series from ...

April 07, 2021
NVIDIA’s Shalini De Mello Talks Self-Supervised AI, NeurIPS Successes
Shalini De Mello, a principal research scientist at NVIDIA who’s made her mark inventing computer vision technology that contributes to driver safety, finished 2020 with a bang — presenting two posters at the prestigious NeurIPS conference in ...

April 06, 2021
What Will NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang Cook Up This Time at NVIDIA GTC?
Don’t blink. Accelerated computing is moving innovation forward faster than ever. And there’s no way to get smarter, quicker, about how it’s changing your world than to tune in to NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang’s GTC keynote Monday, April 12, starting at ...

April 12, 2021
NVIDIA Maxine Hits the Scene to Create Real-Time Video Experiences
The next time you’re in a virtual meeting or streaming a game, live event or TV program, the star of the show may be NVIDIA Maxine, which took center stage at GTC today when NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang announced the availability of the GPU-accelerated ...

April 12, 2021
NVIDIA Announces Availability of Jarvis Interactive Conversational AI Framework
Pre-Trained Deep Learning Models and Software Tools Enable Developers to Adapt Jarvis for All Industries; Easily Deployed from Any Cloud to Edge
GTC -- NVIDIA today announced availability of the NVIDIA Jarvis framework, providing developers with state-of-the-art pre-trained deep learning models and...

April 12, 2021
Fast Track to Enterprise AI: New NVIDIA Workflow Lets Any User Choose, Adapt, Deploy Models Easily
AI is the most powerful new technology of our time, but it’s been a force that’s hard to harness for many enterprises — until now. Many companies lack the specialized skills, access to large datasets or accelerated computing that deep learning ...

April 12, 2021
NVIDIA Launches Morpheus to Bring AI-Driven Automation to Cybersecurity Industry
New Framework Powered by NVIDIA GPUs, BlueField DPUs Enables Cybersecurity Providers to Develop AI Solutions That Can Instantly Detect Cyber Breaches
GTC -- NVIDIA today announced the NVIDIA Morpheus application framework, which provides cybersecurity partners with a complete suite of accelerated AI...

April 12, 2021
Dream State: Cybersecurity Vendors Detect Breaches in an Instant with NVIDIA Morpheus
In the geography of data center security, efforts have long focused on protecting north-south traffic — the data that passes between the data center and the rest of the network. But one of the greatest risks has become east-west traffic — network ...

April 12, 2021
NVIDIA AI-on-5G Computing Platform Adopted by Leading Service and Network Infrastructure Providers
Fujitsu, Google Cloud, Mavenir, Radisys and Wind River to Deliver Solutions for Smart Hospitals, Factories, Warehouses and Stores
GTC -- NVIDIA today announced it is teaming with Fujitsu, Google Cloud, Mavenir, Radisys and Wind River to develop solutions for NVIDIA’s AI-on-5G platform,...

April 12, 2021
NVIDIA and Global Computer Makers Launch Industry-Standard Enterprise Server Platforms for AI
NVIDIA-Certified Servers with NVIDIA AI Enterprise Software Running on VMware vSphere Simplify and Accelerate Adoption of AI
GTC -- NVIDIA today introduced a new class of NVIDIA-Certified Systems™, bringing AI within reach for organizations that run their applications on...

April 12, 2021
Swiss National Supercomputing Centre, Hewlett Packard Enterprise and NVIDIA Announce World’s Most Powerful AI-Capable Supercomputer
‘Alps’ system to advance research across climate, physics, life sciences with 7x more powerful AI capabilities than current world-leading system for AI on MLPerf
The Swiss National Supercomputing Centre (CSCS), Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) and NVIDIA today announced that they are creating what is expected to be...

April 12, 2021
NVIDIA and Partners Collaborate on Arm Computing for Cloud, HPC, Edge, PC
NVIDIA GPU + AWS Graviton2-Based Amazon EC2 Instances, HPC Developer Kit with Ampere Computing CPU and Dual GPUs, More Initiatives Help Expand Opportunities for Arm-Based Solutions
GTC -- NVIDIA today announced a series of collaborations that combine NVIDIA GPUs and software with Arm®-based CPUs — extending the benefits of Arm’s...

April 12, 2021
NVIDIA Announces CPU for Giant AI and High Performance Computing Workloads
GTC -- NVIDIA today announced its first data center CPU, an Arm-based processor that will deliver 10x the performance of today’s fastest servers on the most complex AI and high performance computing workloads.

April 12, 2021
NVIDIA DRIVE Sim Ecosystem Creates Diverse Proving Ground for Self-Driving Vehicles
Developing autonomous vehicles with large scale simulation requires an ecosystem of partners and tools that’s just as wide ranging. NVIDIA DRIVE Sim powered by Omniverse addresses AV development challenges with a scalable, diverse and physically ...

April 12, 2021
Carestream Health and Startups Develop AI-Enabled Medical Instruments with NVIDIA Clara AGX Developer Kit
Carestream Health, a leading maker of medical imaging systems, is investigating the use of NVIDIA Clara AGX — an embedded AI platform for medical devices — in the development of AI-powered features on single-frame and streaming x-ray applications. ...

April 12, 2021
NVIDIA Gives Arm a Second Shot of Acceleration
The Arm ecosystem got a booster shot of advances from NVIDIA at GTC today. NVIDIA discussed work with Arm-based silicon, software and service providers, showing the potential of energy-efficient, accelerated platforms and applications across client, ...

April 12, 2021
NVIDIA DRIVE Sim Powered by Omniverse Available for Early Access This Summer
The path to autonomous vehicle deployment is accelerating through the Omniverse. During his opening keynote at GTC, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang announced the next generation of autonomous vehicle simulation, NVIDIA DRIVE Sim, now powered by ...

April 12, 2021
A Data Center on Wheels: NVIDIA Unveils DRIVE Atlan Autonomous Vehicle Platform
The next stop on the NVIDIA DRIVE roadmap is Atlan. During today’s opening keynote of the GPU Technology Conference, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang unveiled the upcoming generation of AI compute for autonomous vehicles, NVIDIA DRIVE Atlan. A ...

April 12, 2021
NVIDIA Opens Up Hyperion 8 Autonomous Vehicle Platform for AV Ecosystem
The next generation of vehicles will be packed with more technology than any computing system today. And with NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion, companies can embrace this shift to more intelligent, software-defined vehicles. Announced at GTC, the ...

April 12, 2021
Brain Gain: NVIDIA DRIVE Orin Now Central Computer for Intelligent Vehicles
NVIDIA DRIVE Orin, our breakthrough autonomous vehicle system-on-a-chip, is the new mega brain of the software-defined vehicle. Beyond self-driving features, NVIDIA CEO and founder Jensen Huang announced today during his GTC keynote that the SoC can ...

April 12, 2021
NVIDIA Unveils NVIDIA DRIVE Atlan, an AI Data Center on Wheels for Next-Gen Autonomous Vehicles
Fusing AI and BlueField Technology on a Single Chip, New SoC Delivers More Than 1,000 TOPS and Data-Center-Grade Security to Autonomous Machines
GTC -- NVIDIA today revealed its next-generation AI-enabled processor for autonomous vehicles, NVIDIA DRIVE™ Atlan, which will deliver more than 1,000...

April 12, 2021
NVIDIA Triton Tames the Seas of AI Inference
You don’t need a hunky sea god with a three-pronged spear to make AI work, but a growing group of companies from car makers to cloud service providers say you’ll feel a sea change if you sail with Triton. More than half a dozen companies share ...

April 12, 2021
Like Magic: NVIDIA Merlin Gains Adoption for Training and Inference
Recommenders personalize the internet. They suggest videos, foods, sneakers and advertisements that seem magically clairvoyant in knowing your tastes and interests. It’s an AI that makes online experiences more enjoyable and efficient, quickly ...

April 13, 2021
GTC Showcases New Era of Design and Collaboration
Breakthroughs in 3D model visualization, such as real-time ray–traced rendering and immersive virtual reality, are making architecture and design workflows faster, better and safer. At GTC this week, NVIDIA announced the newest advances for the AEC ...

April 13, 2021
NVIDIA, BMW Blend Reality, Virtual Worlds to Demonstrate Factory of the Future
The factories of the future will have a soul — a “digital twin” that blends man and machine in stunning new ways. In a demo blending reality and virtual reality, robotics and AI, to manage one of BMW’s automotive factories, NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang ...

April 12, 2021
NVIDIA Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2022 Revenue Tracking Above Outlook
NVIDIA today announced at its annual Investor Day that first quarter revenue for fiscal 2022 is tracking above its previously provided ...

April 12, 2021
New Energy Vehicles Power Up with NVIDIA DRIVE
The electric vehicle revolution is about to reach the next level. Leading startups and EV brands have all announced plans to deliver intelligent vehicles to the mass market beginning in 2022. And these new, clean-energy fleets will achieve AI ...

April 12, 2021
NVIDIA CEO Introduces Software, Silicon, Supercomputers ‘for the Da Vincis of Our Time’
Kicking off NVIDIA’s GTC tech conference, NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang weaves latest advancements in AI, automotive, robotics, 5G, real-time graphics, collaboration and data centers into a stunning vision of the future. The post NVIDIA CEO Introduces ...

April 12, 2021
Top Robotaxi Companies Hail Rides on NVIDIA DRIVE
It’s time to hail the new era of transportation. During his keynote at the GPU Technology Conference today, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang outlined the broad ecosystem of companies developing next-generation robotaxis on NVIDIA DRIVE. These ...

April 12, 2021
New NVIDIA RTX GPUs Power Next Generation of Workstations and PCs for Millions of Artists, Designers, Engineers and Virtual Desktop Users
NVIDIA Ampere Architecture GPUs Provide Computing Power for Professionals to Work from Anywhere
GTC -- NVIDIA today announced a range of eight new NVIDIA Ampere architecture GPUs for next-generation laptops, desktops and servers that make it possible...

April 12, 2021
NVIDIA Brings Powerful Virtualization Performance with NVIDIA A10 and A16
Enterprises rely on GPU virtualization to keep their workforces productive, wherever they work. And NVIDIA virtual GPU (vGPU) performance has become essential to powering a wide range of graphics- and compute-intensive workloads from the cloud and ...

April 12, 2021
Volvo Cars, Zoox, SAIC and More Join Growing Range of Autonomous Vehicle Makers Using New NVIDIA DRIVE Solutions
NVIDIA’s Automotive Pipeline Now Exceeds $8 Billion for AI-Based Mobility Solutions
GTC -- Volvo Cars, Zoox and SAIC are among the growing ranks of leading transportation companies using the newest NVIDIA DRIVE™ solutions to power their...

April 12, 2021
Volvo Cars Extends Collaboration with NVIDIA to Use NVIDIA DRIVE Orin Across Fleet
Volvo Cars is extending its long-held legacy of safety far into the future. The global automaker announced during the GTC keynote today that it will use NVIDIA DRIVE Orin to power the autonomous driving computer in its next-generation cars. The ...

April 15, 2021
Healthcare Headliners Put AI Under the Microscope at GTC
Two revolutions are meeting in the field of life sciences — the explosion of digital data and the rise of AI computing to help healthcare professionals make sense of it all, said Daphne Koller and Kimberly Powell at this week’s GPU Technology ...

April 15, 2021
You Put a Spell on Me: GFN Thursdays Are Rewarding, 15 New Games Added This Week
This GFN Thursday — when GeForce NOW members can learn what new games and updates are streaming from the cloud — we’re adding 15 games to the service, with new content, including NVIDIA RTX and DLSS in a number of games. Plus, we have a GeForce NOW ...

April 14, 2021
Accelerated Portfolios: NVIDIA Inception VC Alliance Connects Top Investors with Leading AI Startups
To better connect venture capitalists with NVIDIA and promising AI startups, we’ve introduced the NVIDIA Inception VC Alliance. This initiative, which VCs can apply to now, aims to fast-track the growth for thousands of AI startups around the globe ...

April 14, 2021
NVIDIA Accelerates World’s First TOP500 Academic Cloud-Native Supercomputer to Advance Research at Cambridge University
Scientific discovery powered by supercomputing has the potential to transform the world with research that benefits science, industry and society. A new open, cloud-native supercomputer at Cambridge University offers unrivaled performance that will ...

April 14, 2021
Cloud-Native Supercomputing Is Here: So, What’s a Cloud-Native Supercomputer?
Cloud-native supercomputing is the next big thing in supercomputing, and it’s here today, ready to tackle the toughest HPC and AI workloads. The University of Cambridge is building a cloud-native supercomputer in the UK. Two teams of researchers in ...

April 14, 2021
Durham University and DiRAC’s New NVIDIA InfiniBand-Powered Supercomputer to Accelerate Our Understanding of the Universe
NVIDIA HDR InfiniBand to Speed UK Cosmology Research, Complex Simulations of the Cosmos
NVIDIA today announced that Durham University’s new COSMA-8 supercomputer — to be used by world-leading cosmologists in the UK to research the origins of the universe — will be accelerated by NVIDIA® HDR InfiniBand networking.


April 13, 2021
From Scientific Analysis to Artistic Renderings, NVIDIA Omniverse Accelerates HPC Visualization with New ParaView Connector
Whether helping the world understand our most immediate threats, like COVID-19, or seeing the future of landing humans on Mars, researchers are increasingly leaning on scientific visualization to analyze, understand and extract scientific insights. ...

April 13, 2021
Secure AI Data Centers at Scale: Next-Gen DGX SuperPOD Opens Era of Cloud-Native Supercomputing
As businesses extend the power of AI and data science to every developer, IT needs to deliver seamless, scalable access to supercomputing with cloud-like simplicity and security. At GTC21, we introduced the latest NVIDIA DGX SuperPOD, which gives ...

April 13, 2021
XAI Explained at GTC: Wells Fargo Examines Explainable AI for Modeling Lending Risk
Applying for a home mortgage can resemble a part-time job. But whether consumers are seeking out a home loan, car loan or credit card, there’s an incredible amount of work going on behind the scenes in a bank’s decision — especially if it has to say ...

April 13, 2021
NVIDIA Advances Extended Reality, Unlocks New Possibilities for Companies Across Industries
NVIDIA technology has been behind some of the world’s most stunning virtual reality experiences. Each new generation of GPUs has raised the bar for VR environments, producing interactive experiences with photorealistic details to bring new levels of ...

April 21, 2021
NVIDIA Sets AI Inference Records, Introduces A30 and A10 GPUs for Enterprise Servers
NVIDIA AI Platform Smashes Every MLPerf Category, from Data Center to Edge
NVIDIA today announced that its AI inference platform, newly expanded with NVIDIA® A30 and A10 GPUs for mainstream servers, has achieved record-setting performance across every category on the latest release of MLPerf.

April 21, 2021
Hanging in the Balance: More Research Coordination, Collaboration Needed for AI to Reach Its Potential, Experts Say
As AI is increasingly established as a world-changing field, the U.S. has an opportunity not only to demonstrate global leadership, but to establish a solid economic foundation for the future of the technology. A panel of experts convened last week ...

April 20, 2021
NVIDIA Partners with Boys & Girls Clubs of Western Pennsylvania on AI Pathways Program
Meet Paige Frank: Avid hoopster, Python coder and robotics enthusiast. Still in high school, the Pittsburgh sophomore is so hooked on AI and robotics, she’s already a mentor to other curious teens. “Honestly, I never was that interested in STEM. I ...

April 19, 2021
Asia’s Rising Star: VinAI Advances Innovation with Vietnam’s Most Powerful AI Supercomputer
A rising technology star in Southeast Asia just put a sparkle in its AI. Vingroup, Vietnam’s largest conglomerate, is installing the most powerful AI supercomputer in the region. The NVIDIA DGX SuperPOD will power VinAI Research, Vingroup’s ...

April 19, 2021
Universal Scene Description Key to Shared Metaverse, GTC Panelists Say
Artists and engineers, architects, and automakers are coming together around a new standard — born in the digital animation industry — that promises to weave all our virtual worlds together. That’s the conclusion of a group of panelists from a wide ...

April 19, 2021
NVIDIA Unveils 50+ New, Updated AI Tools and Trainings for Developers
To help developers hone their craft, NVIDIA this week introduced more than 50 new and updated tools and training materials for data scientists, researchers, students and developers of all kinds. The offerings range from software development kits for ...

April 16, 2021
AI and 5G to Fuel Next Wave of IoT Services, Says GTC Panel of Telecom Experts
The rollout of 5G for edge AI services promises to fuel a magic carpet ride into the future for everything from autonomous vehicles, to supply chains and education. That was a key takeaway from a panel of five 5G experts speaking at NVIDIA’s GPU ...

April 16, 2021
EV Technology Goes into Hyperdrive with Mercedes-Benz EQS
Mercedes-Benz is calling on its long heritage of luxury to accelerate electric vehicle technology with the new EQS sedan. The premium automaker lifted the wraps off the long-awaited flagship EV during a digital event today. The focal point of the ...

April 16, 2021
Knight Rider Rides a GAN: Bringing KITT to Life with AI, NVIDIA Omniverse
Fasten your seatbelts. NVIDIA Research is revving up a new deep learning engine that creates 3D object models from standard 2D images — and can bring iconic cars like the Knight Rider’s AI-powered KITT to life — in NVIDIA Omniverse. Developed by the ...

April 15, 2021
NVIDIA RTX Lights Up the Night in Stunning Demos at GTC
NVIDIA is putting complex night scenes in a good light. A demo at GTC21 this week showcased how NVIDIA RTX Direct Illumination (RTXDI) technology is paving the way for realistic lighting in graphics. The clip shows thousands of dynamic lights as ...

April 30, 2021
Around the World in AI Ways: Video Explores Machine Learning’s Global Impact
You may have used AI in your smartphone or smart speaker, but have you seen how it comes alive in an artist’s brush stroke, how it animates artificial limbs or assists astronauts in Earth’s orbit? The latest video in the “I Am AI” series — the ...

April 29, 2021
Update Complete: GFN Thursday Brings New Features, Games and More
No Thursday is complete without GFN Thursday, our weekly celebration of the news, updates and great games GeForce NOW members can play — all streaming from the cloud across nearly all of your devices. This week’s exciting updates to the GeForce NOW ...

April 29, 2021
GFN Thursday: Rolling in the Deep (Silver) with Major ‘Metro Exodus’ and ‘Iron Harvest’ Updates
GFN Thursday reaches a fever pitch this week as we take a deeper look at two major updates coming to GeForce NOW from Deep Silver in the weeks ahead. Catching Even More Rays Metro Exodus was one of the first RTX games added to GeForce NOW. It’s ...

April 28, 2021
Perceiving with Confidence: How AI Improves Radar Perception for Autonomous Vehicles
Autonomous vehicles don’t just need to detect the moving traffic that surrounds them — they must also be able to tell what isn’t in motion. The post Perceiving with Confidence: How AI Improves Radar Perception for Autonomous Vehicles appeared first ...

April 22, 2021
Making Movie Magic, NVIDIA Powers 13 Years of Oscar-Winning Visual Effects
For the 13th year running, NVIDIA professional GPUs have powered the dazzling visuals and cinematics behind every Academy Award nominee for Best Visual Effects. The 93rd annual Academy Awards will take place on Sunday, April 25, with five VFX ...

April 22, 2021
Cultivating AI: AgTech Industry Taps NVIDIA GPUs to Protect the Planet
What began as a budding academic movement into farm AI projects has now blossomed into a field of startups creating agriculture technology with a positive social impact for Earth. Whether it’s the threat to honey bees worldwide from varroa mites, ...

April 22, 2021
Green for Good: How We’re Supporting Sustainability Efforts in India
When a community embraces sustainability, it can reap multiple benefits: gainful employment for vulnerable populations, more resilient local ecosystems and a cleaner environment. This Earth Day, we’re announcing our four latest corporate social ...

April 22, 2021
GFN Thursday Drops the Hammer with ‘Vermintide 2 Chaos Wastes’ Free Expansion, ‘Immortals Fenyx Rising The Lost Gods’ DLC
GFN Thursday is our ongoing commitment to bringing great PC games and service updates to our members each week. Every Thursday, we share updates on what’s new in the cloud — games, exclusive features, and news on GeForce NOW. This week, it includes ...

April 22, 2021
Mooning Over Selene: NVIDIA’s Julie Bernauer Talks Setting Up One of World’s Fastest Supercomputers
Though admittedly prone to breaking kitchen appliances like ovens and microwaves, Julie Bernauer — senior solutions architect for machine learning and deep learning at NVIDIA — led the small team that successfully built Selene, the world’s ...

April 21, 2021
The Future’s So Bright: NVIDIA DRIVE Shines at Auto Shanghai
NVIDIA DRIVE-powered cars electrified the atmosphere this week at Auto Shanghai. The global auto show is the oldest in China and has become the stage to debut the latest vehicles. And this year, automakers, suppliers and startups developing on ...

May 14, 2021
AI Slam Dunk: Startup’s Checkout-Free Stores Provide Stadiums Fast Refreshments
With live sports making a comeback, one thing remains a constant: Nobody likes to miss big plays while waiting in line for a cold drink or snack. Zippin offers sports fans checkout-free refreshments, and it’s racking up wins among stadiums as well ...

May 13, 2021
GFN Thursday Set to Evolve as Biomutant Comes to GeForce NOW on May 25
GeForce NOW is always evolving, and so is this week’s GFN Thursday. Biomutant, the new open-world action RPG from Experiment 101 and THQ Nordic, is coming to GeForce NOW when it releases on May 25. Everybody Was Kung Fu Fighting Biomutant puts you ...

May 11, 2021
Keeping Games Up to Date in the Cloud
GeForce NOW ensures your favorite games are automatically up to date, avoiding game updates and patches. Simply login, click PLAY, and enjoy an optimal cloud gaming experience. Here’s an overview on how the service keeps your library game ready at ...

May 11, 2021
Create in Record Time with New NVIDIA Studio Laptops from Dell, HP, Lenovo, Gigabyte, MSI and Razer
New NVIDIA Studio laptops from Dell, HP, Lenovo, Gigabyte, MSI and Razer were announced today as part of the record-breaking GeForce laptop launch. The new Studio laptops are powered by GeForce RTX 30 Series and NVIDIA RTX professional laptop GPUs, ...

May 11, 2021
NVIDIA Transforms Mainstream Laptops into Gaming Powerhouses with GeForce RTX 30 Series
Brings RTX Real-Time Ray Tracing and AI-Based DLSS to Tens of Millions More Gamers and Creators with $799 Portable Powerhouses
NVIDIA today announced a new wave of GeForce RTX™ laptops from the world’s top manufacturers, delivering real-time ray tracing and AI-based DLSS to tens of millions more gamers and creators, starting at just $799.

May 06, 2021
Sharpening Its Edge: U.S. Postal Service Opens AI Apps on Edge Network
In 2019, the U.S. Postal Service had a need to identify and track items in its torrent of more than 100 million pieces of daily mail. A USPS AI architect had an idea. Ryan Simpson wanted to expand an image analysis system a postal team was ...

May 06, 2021
GFN Thursday: 61 Games Join GeForce NOW Library in May
May’s shaping up to be a big month for bringing fan-favorites to GeForce NOW. And since it’s the first week of the month, this week’s GFN Thursday is all about the games members can look forward to joining the service this month. In total, we’re ...

May 05, 2021
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for First-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of Call
SANTA CLARA, Calif., May 05, 2021 -- NVIDIA will host a conference call on Wednesday, May 26, at 2 p.m. PT (5 p.m. ET) to discuss its financial results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2022,...

May 05, 2021
Putting the AI in Retail: Walmart’s Grant Gelvin on Prediction Analytics at Supercenter Scale
With only one U.S. state without a Walmart supercenter — and over 4,600 stores across the country — the retail giant’s prediction analytics work with data on an enormous scale. Grant Gelven, a machine learning engineer at Walmart Global Tech, joined ...

May 04, 2021
AI Gone Global: Why 20,000+ Developers from Emerging Markets Signed Up for GTC
Major tech conferences are typically hosted in highly industrialized countries. But the appetite for AI and data science resources spans the globe — with an estimated 3 million developers in emerging markets. Our recent GPU Technology Conference — ...

May 21, 2021
How Diversity Drives Innovation: Catch Up on Inclusion in AI with NVIDIA On-Demand
NVIDIA’s GPU Technology Conference is a hotbed for sharing groundbreaking innovations — making it the perfect forum for developers, students and professionals from underrepresented communities to discuss the challenges and opportunities surrounding ...

May 21, 2021
Fighting Fire with Insights: CAPE Analytics Uses Computer Vision to Put Geospatial Data and Risk Information in Hands of Property Insurance Companies
Every day, vast amounts of geospatial imagery are being collected, and yet, until recently, one of the biggest potential users of that trove — property insurers — had made surprisingly little use of it. Now, CAPE Analytics, a computer vision startup ...

May 21, 2021
NVIDIA Announces Four-for-One Stock Split, Pending Stockholder Approval at Annual Meeting Set for June 3
NVIDIA today announced that its board of directors declared a four-for-one split of NVIDIA’s common stock in the form of a stock dividend ...

May 20, 2021
GFN Thursday Plunges Into ‘Phantom Abyss,’ the New Adventure Announced by Devolver Digital
GFN Thursday returns with a brand new adventure, exploring the unknown in Phantom Abyss, announced just moments ago by Devolver Digital and Team WIBY. The game launches on PC this summer, and when it does, it’ll be streaming instantly to GeForce NOW ...

May 19, 2021
Get Outta My Streams, Get Into My Car: Aston Martin Designs Immersive Extended Reality Experience for Customers
Legendary car manufacturer Aston Martin is using the latest virtual and mixed reality technologies to drive new experiences for customers and designers. The company has worked with Lenovo to use VR and AR to deliver a unique experience that allowed ...

May 19, 2021
AI Researcher Explains Deep Learning’s Collision Course with Particle Physics
For a particle physicist, the world’s biggest questions — how did the universe originate and what’s beyond it — can only be answered with help from the world’s smallest building blocks. James Kahn, a consultant with German research platform ...

May 18, 2021
From Gaming to Enterprise AI: Don’t Miss NVIDIA’s Computex 2021 Keynote
NVIDIA will deliver a double-barrelled keynote packed with innovations in AI, the cloud, data centers and gaming at Computex 2021 in Taiwan, on June 1. NVIDIA’s Jeff Fisher, senior vice president of GeForce gaming products, will discuss how NVIDIA ...

May 18, 2021
A Further Step to Getting GeForce Cards into the Hands of Gamers
GeForce products are made for gamers — and packed with innovations. Our RTX 30 Series is built on our second-generation RTX architecture, with dedicated RT Cores and Tensor Cores, delivering amazing visuals and performance to gamers and creators. ...

May 17, 2021
NVIDIA BlueField DPUs Fuel Unprecedented Data Center Transformation
Cloud computing and AI are pushing the boundaries of scale and performance for data centers. Anticipating this shift, industry leaders such as Baidu, Palo Alto Networks, Red Hat and VMware are using NVIDIA BlueField DPUs to transform their data ...

May 17, 2021
DiDi Chooses NVIDIA DRIVE for New Fleet of Self-Driving Robotaxis
Robotaxis are one major step closer to becoming reality. DiDi Autonomous Driving, the self-driving technology arm of mobility technology leader Didi Chuxing, announced last month a strategic partnership with Volvo Cars on autonomous vehicles for ...

May 31, 2021
NVIDIA Base Command Platform Provides Enterprises with Fast Path to Scale Production AI
NVIDIA and NetApp Offer Subscription to Hosted NVIDIA DGX SuperPOD and NetApp Data Management Platform; Integrations Coming Soon for Public Cloud Infrastructure
NVIDIA today unveiled NVIDIA® Base Command™ Platform, a cloud-hosted development hub that lets enterprises quickly move their AI projects from prototypes to production.

May 31, 2021
It’s Time for Ti: NVIDIA Introduces Gaming Flagship — the GeForce RTX 3080 Ti
1.5x Faster Than Previous Gen, Availability Begins June 3; Equally Impressive RTX 3070 Ti Available Next Week
NVIDIA today unveiled two additions to the GeForce RTX™ family — the GeForce RTX 3080 Ti and GeForce RTX 3070 Ti — available soon from its global network of GeForce partners.

May 31, 2021
NVIDIA RTX Titles Jump to 130 on Widespread Industry Adoption of Ray Tracing, NVIDIA DLSS
‘DOOM Eternal’, ‘Rainbow Six Siege’ and ‘Red Dead Redemption 2’ Among Latest RTX Titles; NVIDIA Reflex in 12 of Top 15 Competitive Shooters
NVIDIA today announced that there are now more than 130 games and applications supporting NVIDIA RTX™ acceleration technologies, including RT Core-accelerated ray tracing, NVIDIA® Deep Learning Super Sampling (DLSS) and Tensor Core-accelerated AI ...

May 28, 2021
Putting in a Good Word: GPU-Powered Crossword Solver Makes Best Showing Yet Against Humans
What’s a three-letter acronym for a “video-handling chip”? A GPU, of course. Who knew, though, that these parallel processing powerhouses could have a way with words, too. Following a long string of victories for computers in other games — chess in ...

May 27, 2021
Need for Speed: Researchers Switch on World’s Fastest AI Supercomputer
It will help piece together a 3D map of the universe, probe subatomic interactions for green energy sources and much more. Perlmutter, officially dedicated today at the National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center (NERSC), is a supercomputer ...

May 27, 2021
Marbles RTX Playable Sample Now Available in NVIDIA Omniverse
Here’s a chance to become a marvel at marbles: the Marbles RTX playable sample is now available from the NVIDIA Omniverse launcher. Marbles RTX is a physics-based mini-game level where a player controls a marble around a scene full of obstacles. The ...

May 27, 2021
The Roaring 20+: GFN Thursday Game Releases Include Biomutant, Maneater, Warhammer Age of Sigmar: Storm Ground and More
GFN Thursday comes roaring in with 22 games and support for three DLCs joining the GeForce NOW library this week. Among the 22 new releases are five day-and-date game launches: Biomutant, Maneater, King of Seas, Imagine Earth and Warhammer Age of ...

May 26, 2021
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for First Quarter Fiscal 2022
NVIDIA today reported record revenue for the first quarter ended May 2, 2021, of $5.66 billion, up 84 percent from a year earlier and up 13 percent from the previous quarter, with record revenue from the company’s Gaming, Data Center and ...

May 24, 2021
First-Hand Experience: Deep Learning Lets Amputee Control Prosthetic Hand, Video Games
Path-breaking work that translates an amputee’s thoughts into finger motions, and even commands in video games, holds open the possibility of humans controlling just about anything digital with their minds. Using GPUs, a group of researchers trained ...

May 24, 2021
What Is Explainable AI?
Banks use AI to determine whether to extend credit, and how much, to customers. Radiology departments deploy AI to help distinguish between healthy tissue and tumors. And HR teams employ it to work out which of hundreds of resumes should be sent on ...

June 07, 2021
Tilling AI: Startup Digs into Autonomous Electric Tractors for Organics
Who knew AI would have an impact on organic produce markets? Bakur Kvezereli did. Raised on an Eastern European organic tomato farm, he saw labor shortages, pesticide problems and rising energy costs. Years later, studying at MIT in 2014, it dawned ...

June 03, 2021
Coming June to GFN Thursday: 38 More Games Streaming on GeForce NOW This Month
What a gamer wants. What a gamer needs. Games that’ll make you happy and cloud gaming that’ll set you free … to play your favorite PC games anywhere, anytime, on GeForce NOW. Get a sneak peek of all the exciting games coming in June this GFN ...

June 02, 2021
NVIDIA Spotlights GeForce Partners at COMPUTEX
Highlighting deep support from a flourishing roster of GeForce partners, NVIDIA’s Jeff Fisher delivered a virtual keynote at COMPUTEX 2021 in Taipei Tuesday. Fisher, senior vice president of NVIDIA’s GeForce business, announced a pair of powerful ...

June 01, 2021
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community.

June 01, 2021
Microsoft Azure Announces General Availability of NVIDIA A100 GPU VMs
Microsoft Azure has announced the general availability of the ND A100 v4 VM series, their most powerful virtual machines for supercomputer-class AI and HPC workloads, powered by NVIDIA A100 Tensor Core GPUs and NVIDIA HDR InfiniBand. NVIDIA ...

June 01, 2021
SHIELD TV Now Streaming More Hit Movies and Shows with Apple TV
The streaming device with the most 4K HDR content available now has even more as Apple TV joins the lineup on NVIDIA SHIELD. Starting today, SHIELD owners can stream the Apple TV app, including Apple TV+, and its impressive lineup of award-winning ...

May 31, 2021
NVIDIA Brings Gaming, Enterprise Innovations to COMPUTEX 2021
Touching on gaming, enterprise AI — and the advances underpinning both — NVIDIA’s Jeff Fisher and Manuvir Das Tuesday delivered a news-packed virtual keynote at COMPUTEX 2021. Fisher, senior vice president of NVIDIA’s GeForce business, announced a ...

May 31, 2021
From Hours to Minutes with New Rendering Powerhouses: GeForce RTX 3080 Ti and 3070 Ti
Content creators are getting a slew of new tools in their creative arsenal at COMPUTEX with the announcement of new NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3080 Ti and 3070 Ti GPUs. These GPUs deliver massive time savings for freelancers and creatives specializing in ...

May 31, 2021
NVIDIA Partners Unveil New Servers Featuring NVIDIA BlueField DPUs
Several of the world’s top server manufacturers today at COMPUTEX 2021 announced new systems powered by NVIDIA BlueField-2 data processing units. While systems with NVIDIA GPUs are already available now with the option of adding BlueField-2 DPUs, ...

May 31, 2021
NVIDIA AI Enterprise Software Drives New Wave of Certified Systems from World’s Leading Manufacturers
ASUS, Dell Technologies, GIGABYTE, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Lenovo, QCT, Supermicro and More Offering High-Volume x86 Servers; Program Grows to Include 50+ NVIDIA-Certified Systems for Enterprise Data Centers
NVIDIA today announced dozens of new servers certified to run NVIDIA AI Enterprise software, marking a rapid expansion of the NVIDIA-Certified Systems™ program, which has grown to include more than 50 systems from the world’s leading manufacturers.

June 16, 2021
Waste Not, Want Not: AI Startup Opseyes Revolutionizes Wastewater Analysis
What do radiology and wastewater have in common? Hopefully, not much. But at startup Opseyes, founder Bryan Arndt and data scientist Robin Schlenga are putting the AI that’s revolutionizing medical imaging to work on analyzing wastewater samples. ...

June 15, 2021
Tough Customer: NVIDIA Unveils Jetson AGX Xavier Industrial Module
From factories and farms to refineries and construction sites, the world is full of places that are hot, dirty, noisy, potentially dangerous — and critical to keeping industry humming. These places all need inspection and maintenance alongside their ...

June 14, 2021
Trash to Cash: Recyclers Tap Startup with World’s Largest Recycling Network to Freshen Up Business Prospects
Matanya Horowitz smelled a problem in 2014. Fresh out of CalTech with a Ph.D., he saw that recycling centers lacked robotics and computer vision to pick through heaps of garbage-contaminated recyclables. Horowitz founded AMP Robotics that year to ...

June 11, 2021
To Infinity, and Beyond: Ohio State University Builds AV Cybersecurity Platform for Long-Term Research on NVIDIA DRIVE
Researchers at The Ohio State University are aiming to take autonomous driving to the limit. Autonomous vehicles require extensive development and testing for safe widespread deployment. A team at The Ohio State Center for Automotive Research (CAR) ...

June 10, 2021
NVIDIA to Acquire DeepMap, Enhancing Mapping Solutions for the AV Industry
It’s time for autonomous vehicle developers to blaze new trails. NVIDIA has agreed to acquire DeepMap, a startup dedicated to building high-definition maps for autonomous vehicles to navigate the world safely. “The acquisition is an endorsement of ...

June 10, 2021
Startup’s AI Intersects With U.S. Traffic Lights for Better Flow, Safety
Thousands of U.S. traffic lights may soon be getting the green light on AI for safer streets. That’s because startup CVEDIA has designed better and faster vehicle and pedestrian detections to improve traffic flow and pedestrian safety for Cubic ...

June 10, 2021
GFN Thursday Highlights Legendary Moments From the New Season of Apex Legends
GFN Thursday is our weekly celebration of games streaming from GeForce NOW. This week, we’re kicking off Legends of GeForce NOW, a special event that challenges gamers to show off the best Apex Legends: Legacy moments using one of the features that ...

June 09, 2021
Riding Solo: MIT Develops Single Self-Driving Network on NVIDIA DRIVE AGX Pegasus
A new approach to autonomous driving is pursuing a solo career. Researchers at MIT are developing a single deep neural network (DNN) to power autonomous vehicles, rather than a system of multiple networks. The research, published at COMPUTEX this ...

June 08, 2021
What Is Synthetic Data?
Data is the new oil in today’s age of AI, but only a lucky few are sitting on a gusher. So, many are making their own fuel, one that’s both inexpensive and effective. It’s called synthetic data. What Is Synthetic Data? Synthetic data is annotated ...

June 08, 2021
Oh, Canada: NuPort Brings Autonomous Trucking to Toronto Roads with NVIDIA DRIVE
Autonomous truck technology is making its way across the Great White North. Self-driving trucking startup NuPort Robotics is leveraging NVIDIA DRIVE to develop autonomous driving systems for middle-mile short-haul routes. The Canada-based company is ...

June 23, 2021
Sherd Alert: GPU-Accelerated Deep Learning Sorts Pottery Fragments as Well as Expert Archeologists
A pair of researchers at Northern Arizona University used GPU-based deep-learning algorithms to categorize sherds — tiny fragments of ancient pottery — as well as, or better than, four expert archaeologists. The technique, outlined in a paper ...

June 23, 2021
As Fast as One Can Gogh: Turn Sketches Into Stunning Landscapes with NVIDIA Canvas
Turning doodles into stunning landscapes — there’s an app for that. The NVIDIA Canvas app, now available as a free beta, brings the real-time painting tool GauGAN to anyone with an NVIDIA RTX GPU. Developed by the NVIDIA Research team, GauGAN has ...

June 23, 2021
NVIDIA Studio Goes 3D: Real-Time Ray Tracing and AI Accelerate Adobe’s New Substance 3D Collection of Design Applications
The NVIDIA Studio ecosystem continues to deliver time-saving features and visual improvements to top creative applications. Today, Adobe announced a significant update to their 3D lineup, with new and improved tools available in the Adobe Substance ...

June 22, 2021
Tesla Unveils Top AV Training Supercomputer Powered by NVIDIA A100 GPUs
Tackling one of the largest computing challenges of this lifetime requires larger than life computing. At CVPR this week, Andrej Karpathy, senior director of AI at Tesla, unveiled the in-house supercomputer the automaker is using to train deep ...

June 22, 2021
NVIDIA Announces Instant AI Infrastructure for Enterprises
Built with Enterprise IT Partners and Deployed First at Equinix, NVIDIA AI LaunchPad Includes End-to-End NVIDIA Hardware and Software Stack to Accelerate AI from Hybrid Cloud to Edge
NVIDIA today unveiled NVIDIA AI LaunchPad, a comprehensive program delivered through hybrid-cloud providers that gives enterprises immediate access to NVIDIA-powered infrastructure and software to streamline the entire AI lifecycle.

June 22, 2021
NVIDIA Fleet Command Scales Edge AI Services for Enterprises
SaaS Platform Helps Leading Device Makers, Factories, Warehouses and Retailers Deploy AI Products and Services
NVIDIA today announced general availability for its NVIDIA Fleet Command™ managed edge AI services platform, which helps companies solve the problem of securely deploying and managing AI applications on NVIDIA-Certified Systems™ across thousands of ...

June 17, 2021
NVIDIA, Arm CEOs Share Vision of a Deal Made for a Hypergrowth Era
With the tech industry facing opportunities at every turn, it’s a ripe moment for NVIDIA’s acquisition of Arm, said CEOs of the companies in a frank conversation with a leading analyst. Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy posed tough ...

June 17, 2021
NVIDIA CEO Speaks at UK AI Event on How AI Is Changing World
Highlighting the growing importance of AI to innovation of all kinds in the U.K. and worldwide, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang spoke today at the CogX conference. Huang was one of a trio of NVIDIA leaders appearing at the event hosted by ...

June 17, 2021
GFN Thursday Returns from E3 with Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy, Humankind Closed Beta and More
No need to hold out for a hero. You’ve made it to GFN Thursday. This year’s E3 was packed with news for GeForce NOW and we’re sharing the excitement from the announcements of Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy and Humankind. Both will join the GeForce ...

June 17, 2021
Lunar Has It: Broadcasting Studio Uses NVIDIA Omniverse to Create Stunning Space Documentary
Audiences are making a round-trip to the moon with a science documentary that showcases China’s recent lunar explorations. Fly to the Moon, a series produced by the China Media Group (CMG) entirely in NVIDIA Omniverse, details the history of China’s ...

June 28, 2021
Here, There, Everywhere: NVIDIA Platform Accelerates Quantum Circuit Simulation Ecosystem
Quantum computing promises scientific leaps — simulating molecules of atoms for drug discovery, for instance — in the near future. Handling exponentially more information than today’s computers, quantum computers harness the physics that govern ...

June 28, 2021
NVIDIA, Partners Extending Arm Ecosystem from Exascale to the Edge
Supercomputing centers around the world looking for a flexible, energy-efficient alternative to diversify their systems are beginning to turn to Arm for their exascale supercomputers. Arm is the world’s most popular CPU architecture, but the x86 ...

June 28, 2021
NVIDIA Powers Next-Generation Supercomputer at University of Edinburgh
DiRAC Selects NVIDIA HDR InfiniBand Connected HGX Platform to Accelerate Scientific Discovery at Its Four Sites
ISC—NVIDIA today announced that its NVIDIA HGX™ high performance computing platform will power Tursa, the new DiRAC supercomputer to be hosted by the University of Edinburgh.

June 28, 2021
NVIDIA Aerial 5G Platform Extends Support for Arm
New Software-Defined AI-on-5G Running on Arm Enables Standard NVIDIA AI Enterprise Systems from Global OEMs to Deploy Intelligent Services over 5G
Mobile World Congress—NVIDIA today announced it is extending support for Arm-based CPUs in the NVIDIA Aerial™ A100 AI-on-5G platform, bringing more choice to the 5G ecosystem.

June 28, 2021
NVIDIA and Google Cloud to Create Industry’s First AI-on-5G Lab to Speed Development of AI Everywhere
Joint Innovation Lab to Support Vendors in Conceiving, Testing, Optimizing, and Validating 5G and AI Applications Running On-Prem and Across Google Cloud
Mobile World Congress—NVIDIA today announced that it is partnering with Google Cloud to establish the industry’s first AI-on-5G Innovation Lab, enabling network infrastructure players and AI software partners to develop, test and adopt solutions ...

June 27, 2021
Superclouds: AI, Cloud-Native Supercomputers Sail into the TOP500​
NVIDIA technologies power 342 systems on the TOP500 list released at the ISC High Performance event today, including 70 percent of all new systems and eight of the top 10. The latest ranking of the world’s most powerful systems shows high ...

June 25, 2021
Buckle Up for the Industrial HPC Revolution
“A confluence of advances has put us at the beginnings of the industrial HPC revolution,” said Jensen Huang. In a short talk viewable below, NVIDIA’s CEO described to a gathering of high performance computing specialists in Europe the genesis and ...

June 25, 2021
Innovation, Inclusion, Impact: Highlights from Our Annual Corporate Social Responsibility Report
NVIDIA’s 12th annual corporate social responsibility report, published today, shares our progress — and plans — to take care of employees, reach new sustainability goals and channel our tech to support the global community. Following a year of ...

June 24, 2021
More Than Meets the AI: How GANs Research Is Reshaping Video Conferencing
Roll out of bed, fire up the laptop, turn on the webcam — and look picture-perfect in every video call, with the help of AI developed by NVIDIA researchers. Vid2Vid Cameo, one of the deep learning models behind the NVIDIA Maxine SDK for video ...

June 24, 2021
GFN Thursday Heats Up with ‘LEGO Builder’s Journey’ and ‘Phantom Abyss’ Game Launches, Plus First Look at Kena: Bridge of Spirits
It’s getting hot in here, so get your game on this GFN Thursday with 13 new games joining the GeForce NOW library, including LEGO Builder’s Journey, Phantom Abyss and the Dual Universe beta. Plus, get a sneak peek at Kena: Bridge of Spirits, coming ...

July 07, 2021
NVIDIA CEO Unveils ‘First Big Bet’ on Digital Biology Revolution with UK-Based Cambridge-1
Introducing NVIDIA’s “first big bet” on the digital biology revolution, NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang Wednesday unveiled Cambridge-1, a $100 million investment that promises to harness partnerships across the U.K. for breakthroughs with a “global impact.” ...

July 06, 2021
NVIDIA Launches UK’s Most Powerful Supercomputer, for Research in AI and Healthcare
One of World’s Fastest AI Supercomputers to Enable UK Researchers in Digital Biology, Genomics, Quantum Computing and AI; Five Launch Partners Kicking Off Projects
NVIDIA today officially launched Cambridge-1, the United Kingdom’s most powerful supercomputer, which will enable top scientists and healthcare experts to use the...

July 01, 2021
GFN Thursday Goes Full Steam Ahead: Over 700 Steam Summer Sale Games Streaming on GeForce NOW
Wake up, wake up, wake up, it’s the first of the month. This first of the month is a GFN Thursday celebration. The Steam Summer Sale now has over 700 PC games on sale that are playable on GeForce NOW. And since it’s also the first GFN Thursday of ...

June 30, 2021
Technology in Motion: NVIDIA and Volvo Cars Detail Software-Defined Future of Safe Transportation
All roads to the future of autonomous, electric and connected transportation run through one key innovation: software-defined, centralized computing. Today at Volvo Cars’ Tech Moment event, Ali Kani, NVIDIA vice president and general manager of ...

June 30, 2021
Global Computer Makers Deliver Breakthrough MLPerf Results with NVIDIA AI
NVIDIA’s partners are delivering GPU-accelerated systems that train AI models faster than anyone on the planet, according to the latest MLPerf results released today. Seven companies put at least a dozen commercially available systems, the majority ...

June 30, 2021
Taking it to the Street: NVIDIA DRIVE Ecosystem Brings AVs to Public Markets
Just like money, autonomous vehicles never sleep. And the companies developing them are working just as hard, rolling out transformative technology and growing into publicly traded entities. This ecosystem includes every aspect of the autonomous ...

June 30, 2021
Make Any Face Come to Life: NVIDIA’s Simon Yuen Talks Audio2Face
We all know about the applications for digital humans for films and video games, but at NVIDIA, Simon Yuen has discovered the vast need and potential for digital humans beyond the entertainment industry. Yuen spoke with NVIDIA AI Podcast host Noah ...

June 29, 2021
Hidden GEM: Canadian Weather Forecasts to Run on NVIDIA-Powered System
The supercomputer behind Canada’s weather forecasts is getting an upgrade, adopting NVIDIA networking to support long-running, computationally intensive environmental models. Located in Quebec, the system runs a complex forecasting and data ...

June 28, 2021
NVIDIA and Global Partners Launch New HGX A100 Systems to Accelerate Industrial AI and HPC
Wide Range of HPC Systems and Cloud Services Powered by HGX Now Supercharged with NVIDIA A100 80G PCIe, NVIDIA NDR 400G InfiniBand, NVIDIA Magnum IO
ISC—NVIDIA today announced it is turbocharging the NVIDIA HGX™ AI supercomputing platform with new technologies that fuse AI with high performance computing, making supercomputing more useful to a growing number of industries.


June 28, 2021
From Genomes to Proteins to Cells, Digital Biology Revolution Marches on with HPC and AI
Scientists and healthcare researchers — once limited by the number of samples that could be studied in a wet lab, or the quality of microscopes to peer into cells — are harnessing powerful computational tools to draw insights from an ever-growing ...

July 19, 2021
Arm Is RTX ON! World’s Most Widely Used CPU Architecture Meets Real-Time Ray Tracing, DLSS
A pair of new demos running GeForce RTX technologies on the Arm platform unveiled by NVIDIA today show how advanced graphics can be extended to a broader, more power-efficient set of devices. The two demos, shown at this week’s Game Developers ...

July 18, 2021
NVIDIA CEO Awarded Lifetime Achievement Accolade by Asian American Engineer of the Year
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang was today conferred the Distinguished Lifetime Achievement Award by Asian American Engineer of the Year, an annual event that recognizes outstanding Asian American scientists, engineers and role models. In a virtual ceremony, ...

July 15, 2021
A Sparkle in Their AIs: Students Worldwide Rev Robots with Jetson Nano
Every teacher has a story about the moment a light switched on for one of their students. David Tseng recalls a high school senior in Taipei excited at a summer camp to see a robot respond instantly when she updated her software. After class, she ...

July 15, 2021
A Grand Slam: GFN Thursday Scores 1,000th PC Game, Streaming Instantly on GeForce NOW
This GFN Thursday marks a new millennium for GeForce NOW. By adding 13 games this week, our cloud game-streaming service now offers members instant access to 1,000 PC games. That’s 1,000 games that members can stream instantly to underpowered PCs, ...

July 14, 2021
NVIDIA’s Liila Torabi Talks the New Era of Robotics Through Isaac Sim
Robots are not just limited to the assembly line. At NVIDIA, Liila Torabi works on making the next generation of robotics possible. Torabi is the senior product manager for Isaac Sim, a robotics and AI simulation platform powered by NVIDIA ...

July 12, 2021
AutoX Unveils Full Self-Driving System Powered by NVIDIA DRIVE
Your robotaxi is arriving soon. Self-driving startup AutoX took the wraps off its full self-driving system — dubbed “Gen5” — this week. The autonomous driving platform, which is specifically designed for robotaxis, uses NVIDIA DRIVE automotive grade ...

July 12, 2021
NVIDIA and Palo Alto Networks Boost Cyber Defenses with DPU Acceleration
Cybercrime cost the American public more than $4 billion in reported losses over the course of 2020, according to the FBI. To stay ahead of emerging threats, Palo Alto Networks, a global cybersecurity leader, has developed the first virtual ...

July 09, 2021
Tongues Untied: Dataset Starts Global Dialogue in Conversational AI
A startup in East Africa is harnessing conversational AI to get the word out about a third wave of COVID-19 passing through the region. It hopes its Mbaza AI Chatbot will lead to partnerships that use the technology to tackle other concerns across ...

July 08, 2021
Math Teaches Math: Researchers Tap AI to Boost Classroom Discussions
U.S. math students still aren’t making the grade on the world’s stage, but a team of researchers backed by the National Science Foundation is putting AI to the test for improving the teaching of the subject in public schools. Teachers in two ...

July 08, 2021
Squad Up for GFN Thursday with 400+ Multiplayer PC Games, Including 3 Added This Week
GFN Thursday is a weekly gaming party, and a party’s always better with friends. With more than 400 multiplayer PC games streaming on GeForce NOW, there’s nothing stopping gamers from joining friends in the action. Take a look at why gaming with a ...

July 29, 2021
Setting the Virtual Stage: ‘Deathtrap Dungeon’ Gets Interactive Thanks to NVIDIA RTX
Deathtrap Dungeon: The Golden Room is a gripping choose-your-own-adventure story, but it’s no page-turner. Based on the best-selling book of the same name, it’s an interactive film in which viewers become the player on their quest to find The Golden ...

July 29, 2021
GFN Thursday Brings ‘Evil Genius 2: World Domination,’ ‘Escape From Naraka’ with RTX, and More This Week on GeForce NOW
This GFN Thursday shines a spotlight on the latest games joining the collection of over 1,000 titles in the GeForce NOW library from the many publishers that have opted in to stream their games on our open cloud-gaming service. Members can look ...

July 28, 2021
An AI a Day Keeps Dr.Fill at Play: Matt Ginsberg on Building GPU-Powered Crossword Solver
9 Down, 14 letters: Someone skilled in creating and solving crossword puzzles. This April, the fastest “cruciverbalist” at the ​​American Crossword Puzzle Tournament was Dr.Fill, a crossword puzzle-solving AI program created by Matt Ginsberg. ...

July 27, 2021
How Was NVIDIA’s 2021 GTC Keynote Made? Step Inside Our Kitchen Aug. 11 to Find Out
Ever see a virtual kitchen materialize in real-time? If you caught NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang’s keynote for our March 2021 GPU Technology Conference you’re no doubt wondering about more than a few of the presentation’s magic tricks. With the premiere ...

July 26, 2021
NVIDIA and King’s College London Accelerate Brain Research with Synthetic Image Project
NVIDIA and King’s College London today unveiled new details about one of the first projects on Cambridge-1, the United Kingdom’s most powerful supercomputer.


July 22, 2021
GFN Thursday Slays with ‘Orcs Must Die! 3’ Coming to GeForce NOW
This GFN Thursday brings in hordes of fun — and a whole lot of orcs. Orcs Must Die! 3, the newest title from the action-packed, orc-slaying series from Robot Entertainment, is joining the GeForce NOW library when it releases tomorrow, Friday, July ...

July 21, 2021
Shopping Smart: AiFi Using AI to Spark a Retail Renaissance
Walk into a store. Grab your stuff. And walk right out again, without stopping to check out. In just the past three months, California-based AiFi has helped Choice Market increase sales at one of its Denver stores by 20 percent among customers who ...

July 20, 2021
Just What You’re Looking For: Recommender Team Suggests Winning Strategies
The final push for the hat trick came down to the wire. Five minutes before the deadline, the team submitted work in its third and hardest data science competition of the year in recommendation systems. Called RecSys, it’s a relatively new branch of ...

July 20, 2021
NVIDIA Inference Breakthrough Makes Conversational AI Smarter, More Interactive From Cloud to Edge
TensorRT 8 Provides Leading Enterprises Across Healthcare, Automotive, Finance with World’s Fastest AI Inference Performance
NVIDIA today launched TensorRT™ 8, the eighth generation of the company’s AI software, which slashes inference time in half for language queries -- enabling developers to build the world’s best-performing search engines, ad recommendations and ...

July 19, 2021
From Concept to Credits, Faster: NVIDIA Studio Ecosystem Improves Game Creation With RTX-Acceleration and AI
Top game artists, producers, developers and designers are coming together this week for the annual Game Developers Conference. As they exchange ideas, educate and inspire each other, the NVIDIA Studio ecosystem of RTX-accelerated apps, hardware and ...

August 05, 2021
Archaeologist Digs Into Photogrammetry, Creates 3D Models With NVIDIA Technology
Archaeologist Daria Dabal is bringing the past to life, with an assist from NVIDIA technology. Dabal works on various archaeological sites in the U.K., conducting field and post-excavation work. Over the last five years, photogrammetry — the use of ...

August 05, 2021
Ready for Prime Time: Plus to Deliver Autonomous Truck Systems Powered by NVIDIA DRIVE to Amazon
Your Amazon Prime delivery just got smarter. Autonomous trucking company Plus recently signed a deal with Amazon to provide at least 1,000 self-driving systems to retrofit on the e-commerce giant’s delivery fleet. These systems are powered by NVIDIA ...

August 05, 2021
August Arrivals: GFN Thursday Brings 34 Games to GeForce NOW This Month
It’s a new month for GFN Thursday, which means a new month full of games on GeForce NOW. August brings a wealth of great new PC game launches to the cloud gaming service, including King’s Bounty II, Humankind and NARAKA: BLADEPOINT. In total, 13 ...

August 04, 2021
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for Second-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of Call
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of CallSANTA CLARA, Calif., Aug. 04, 2021 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA will host a conference call on Wednesday, August 18, at 2 p.m. PT (5 p.m. ...

August 04, 2021
Zero Waste with Taste: Startup Uses AI to Drive Sustainable Fashion
Sustainability isn’t just a choice for consumers to make. It’s an opportunity for companies to lead. AI startup Heartdub seams together fashion and technology to let designers and creators display physical fabrics and garments virtually — and help ...

August 03, 2021
Soar into the Hybrid-Cloud: Project Monterey Early Access Program Now Available to Enterprises
Modern workloads such as AI and machine learning are putting tremendous pressure on traditional IT infrastructure. Enterprises that want to stay ahead of these changes can now register to participate in an early access of Project Monterey, an ...

August 03, 2021
Find Your Groove: Add NVIDIA AI Essentials Series to Your Summer Playlist
If AI, data science, graphics or robotics is your jam, stream the NVIDIA AI Essentials Learning Series this summer. These intro-level courses provide foundational knowledge to students and early-career developers looking to broaden their areas of ...

August 02, 2021
Better Than 8K Resolution: NVIDIA Inception Displays Global AI Startup Ecosystem
There are more AI startups in healthcare than any other single industry. The number of AI startups in media and entertainment is about the same as that in retail. More than one in 10 of all AI startups is based in California. How do we know this? ...

August 02, 2021
NVIDIA Advances Instant AI with North American Availability of Base Command Platform
Enterprises Can Supercharge Digital Biology, Natural Language Understanding, Autonomous Vehicle and AI Development by Renting Immediate Access to Hosted NVIDIA DGX SuperPOD
NVIDIA today announced the North American availability of NVIDIA Base Command™ Platform, a hosted AI development hub that provides enterprises with instant access to powerful computing infrastructure wherever their data resides.

August 10, 2021
All AI Do Is Win: NVIDIA Research Nabs 'Best in Show' with Digital Avatars at SIGGRAPH
In a turducken of a demo, NVIDIA researchers stuffed four AI models into a serving of digital avatar technology for SIGGRAPH 2021’s Real-Time Live showcase — winning the Best in Show award. The showcase, one of the most anticipated events at the ...

August 10, 2021
Three’s Company: NVIDIA Studio 3D Showcase at SIGGRAPH Spotlights NVIDIA Omniverse Update, New NVIDIA RTX A2000 Desktop GPU, August Studio Driver
The future of 3D graphics is on display at the SIGGRAPH 2021 virtual conference, where NVIDIA Studio is leading the way, showcasing exclusive benefits that NVIDIA RTX technologies bring to creators working with 3D workflows. It starts with NVIDIA ...

August 10, 2021
What Is the Metaverse?
What is the metaverse? The metaverse is a shared virtual 3D world, or worlds, that are interactive, immersive, and collaborative. Just as the physical universe is a collection of worlds that are connected in space, the metaverse can be thought of as ...

August 10, 2021
NVIDIA Makes RTX Technology Accessible to More Professionals
With its powerful real-time ray tracing and AI acceleration capabilities, NVIDIA RTX technology has transformed design and visualization workflows for the most complex tasks, like designing airplanes and automobiles, visual effects in movies and ...

August 10, 2021
A Code for the Code: Simulations Obey Laws of Physics with USD
Life in the metaverse is getting more real. Starting today, developers can create and share realistic simulations in a standard way. Apple, NVIDIA and Pixar Animation Studios have defined a common approach for expressing physically accurate models ...

August 10, 2021
NVIDIA Brings Millions More Into the Metaverse With Expanded Omniverse Platform
Introduction of Blender, Upcoming Integration With Major Adobe 3D Apps Enable Creators Everywhere
NVIDIA today announced a major expansion of NVIDIA Omniverse™ — the world’s first simulation and collaboration platform that is delivering the foundation of the metaverse — through new integrations with Blender and Adobe that will open it to ...

August 09, 2021
On the Air: Creative Technology Elevates Broadcast Workflows for International Sporting Event with NVIDIA Networking
Talk about a signal boost. Creative Technology is tackling 4K and 8K signals, as well as new broadcast workflows, with the latest NVIDIA networking technologies. The London-based firm is one of the world’s leading suppliers of audio visual equipment ...

August 09, 2021
NVIDIA-Certified Systems Land on the Desktop
Enterprises challenged with running accelerated workloads have an answer: NVIDIA-Certified Systems. Available from nearly 20 global computer makers, these servers have been validated for running a diverse range of accelerated workloads with optimum ...

August 09, 2021
Time to Embark: Autonomous Trucking Startup Develops Universal Platform on NVIDIA DRIVE
Autonomous trucking startup Embark is planning for universal autonomy of commercial semi-trucks, developing one AI platform that fits all. The company announced today that it will use NVIDIA DRIVE to develop its Embark Universal Interface (EUI), a ...

August 09, 2021
Leading Lights: NVIDIA Researchers Showcase Groundbreaking Advancements for Real-Time Graphics
Computer graphics and AI are cornerstones of NVIDIA. Combined, they’re bringing creators closer to the goal of cinema-quality 3D imagery rendered in real time. At a series of graphics conferences this summer, NVIDIA Research is sharing ...

August 19, 2021
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
SANTA CLARA, Calif., Aug. 19, 2021 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community: BMO 2021 Technology Summit Tuesday, Aug. 24, at 10 a.m. Pacific ...

August 19, 2021
Inside the DPU: Talk Describes an Engine Powering Data Center Networks
The tech world this week gets its first look under the hood of the NVIDIA BlueField data processing unit. The chip invented the category of the DPU last year, and it’s already being embraced by cloud services, supercomputers and many OEMs and ...

August 19, 2021
Make History This GFN Thursday: ‘HUMANKIND’ Arrives on GeForce NOW
This GFN Thursday brings in the highly anticipated magnum opus from SEGA and Amplitude Studios, HUMANKIND, as well as exciting rewards to redeem for members playing Eternal Return. There’s also updates on the newest Fortnite Season 7 game mode, ...

August 18, 2021
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Second Quarter Fiscal 2022
NVIDIA today reported record revenue for the second quarter ended August 1, 2021, of $6.51 billion, up 68 percent from a year earlier and up 15 percent from the previous quarter, with record revenue from the company’s Gaming, Data Center and ...

August 17, 2021
Big Computer on Campus: Universities Graduate to AI Super Systems
This back-to-school season, many universities are powering on brand new AI supercomputers. Researchers and students working in fields from basic science to liberal arts can’t wait to log on. “They would like to use it right now,” said James ...

August 16, 2021
What is a Machine Learning Model?
When you shop for a car, the first question is what model — a Honda Civic for low-cost commuting, a Chevy Corvette for looking good and moving fast, or maybe a Ford F-150 to tote heavy loads. For the journey to AI, the most transformational ...

August 13, 2021
NVIDIA Brings Metaverse Momentum, Research Breakthroughs and New Pro GPU to SIGGRAPH
Award-winning research, stunning demos, a sweeping vision for how NVIDIA Omniverse will accelerate the work of millions more professionals, and a new pro RTX GPU were the highlights at this week’s SIGGRAPH pro graphics conference. Kicking off the ...

August 12, 2021
Hooked on a Feeling: GFN Thursday Brings ‘NARAKA: BLADEPOINT’ to GeForce NOW
Calling all warriors. It’s a glorious week full of new games. This GFN Thursday comes with the exciting release of the new battle royale NARAKA: BLADEPOINT, as well as the Hello Neighbor franchise as part of the 11 great games joining the GeForce ...

August 11, 2021
Watch: Making Masterpieces in the Cloud With Virtual Reality
Immersive 3D design and character creation are going sky high this week at SIGGRAPH, in a demo showcasing NVIDIA CloudXR running on Google Cloud. The clip shows an artist with an untethered VR headset creating a fully rigged character with ...

August 11, 2021
Lending a Helping Hand: Jules Anh Tuan Nguyen on Building a Neuroprosthetic
With deep learning, amputees can now control their prosthetics by simply thinking through the motion. Jules Anh Tuan Nguyen spoke with NVIDIA AI Podcast host Noah Kravitz about his efforts to allow amputees to control their prosthetic limb — right ...

August 30, 2021
Duos Technologies Uses AI-Powered Inspection to Help Railway Operators Stay on Track
In March, a 28-car freight train derailment in Gibbons, Neb., forced Union Pacific to shut down three rail lines, delaying shipments nationwide for up to 48 hours and costing it millions as its rail network slowed down substantially. Fortunately, no ...

August 27, 2021
1,200+ Interns From Around the World Join NVIDIA’s Green Team
I wasn’t sure what to expect when I started my internship at NVIDIA. For a journalism student, joining a company full of engineers pioneering the technology behind AI, virtual reality and high-performance computing isn’t the first thing that comes ...

August 27, 2021
An AI for Fine Art: Attorney Trains NVIDIA RTX 2070 to Authenticate Masterpieces
What’s the difference between art created by Leonardo da Vinci and a knockoff? In the case of the Salvator Mundi, the answer is nearly half a billion dollars. Drawing on a convolutional neural network — a deep learning algorithm that’s led to ...

August 26, 2021
Field of AI: Startup Helps Farmers Reduce Chemicals and Costs
Brad Janzen, a farmer based in Henderson, Neb., with more than 4,000 acres of corn and soybeans, knew he had to do something about herbicide-resistant weeds. Farms everywhere faced the rising costs of switching to new herbicides and the increased ...

August 26, 2021
GFN Thursday Celebrates Gamescom 2021 with ‘Dying Light 2’ and ‘Guardians of the Galaxy’ Announcement
Congratulations. You’ve made it to another awesome GFN Thursday. This year’s Gamescom was full of announcements for GeForce NOW. We’ve got all of the exciting updates for the future of Dying Light 2 Stay Human streaming on GeForce NOW upon release ...

August 25, 2021
Free of Charge: GE Renewable Energy Integrates Wind Energy Into the Power Grid
At GE Renewable Energy, CTO Danielle Merfeld and technical leader Arvind Rangarajan are making wind, er, mind-blowing advances throughout renewable energy. Merfeld and Rangarajan spoke with NVIDIA AI Podcast host Noah Kravitz about how the company ...

August 25, 2021
NVIDIA Turbocharges Extreme-Scale AI for Argonne National Laboratory’s Polaris Supercomputer
Largest GPU-Powered Supercomputer for U.S. Department of Energy’s Argonne Lab Will Enable Scientific Breakthroughs in Era of Exascale AI
The largest GPU-based supercomputer at the U.S. Department of Energy’s Argonne National Laboratory will run on NVIDIA’s accelerated computing platform, the company announced today.

August 24, 2021
Global Availability of NVIDIA AI Enterprise Makes AI Accessible for Every Industry
NVIDIA Software Gives Hundreds of Thousands of Enterprises Worldwide Ability to Run AI on VMware vSphere and Industry-Standard Servers
NVIDIA today announced the availability of NVIDIA AI Enterprise, a comprehensive software suite of AI tools and frameworks that enables the hundreds of thousands of companies running VMware vSphere to virtualize AI workloads on NVIDIA-Certified ...

August 23, 2021
Unstung Heroes: Startup’s AI-Powered Tomato Pollinator Gives Bees a Break
There are nearly a half million acres of greenhouse tomato crops in the world, an area about 35 times the size of Manhattan. In other words, lots of tomatoes. Growing them requires more than soil, water and sunlight. The plants are self-pollinating, ...

August 23, 2021
Software Ate the World — That Means Hardware Matters Again
Software ate the world, now new silicon is taking a seat at the table. Ten years ago venture capitalist Marc Andreessen proclaimed that “software is eating the world.” His once-radical concept — now a truism — is that innovation and corporate value ...

September 09, 2021
GPU-Accelerated Deep Learning Can Spot Signs of Early Alzheimer's With 99% Accuracy
Speedy diagnoses are critical, especially when a loved one seems to be slowly losing their cognitive abilities. Researchers from the Kaunas University of Technology in Lithuania report they've developed a deep learning-based method able to predict ...

September 09, 2021
GFN Thursday to Stream Ubisoft’s ‘Far Cry 6’ and ‘Riders Republic’ at Launch
Two of Ubisoft’s biggest upcoming games will join GeForce NOW the day they’re released, and you can get ready to breach in a new season of Rainbow Six Siege with a free-to-play weekend. Plus, it’s time to find your true colors in the newest entry in ...

September 08, 2021
Performing Live: How AI-Based Perception Helps AVs Better Detect Speed Limits
Understanding speed limit signs may seem like a straightforward task, but it can quickly become more complex in situations in which different restrictions apply to different lanes (for example, a highway exit) or when driving in a new country. The ...

September 08, 2021
GANTheftAuto: Harrison Kinsley on AI-Generated Gaming Environments
Harrison Kinsley and collaborator Daniel Kukeila created a neural network that generates its own gaming environment modeled on ‘Grand Theft Auto.’ The post GANTheftAuto: Harrison Kinsley on AI-Generated Gaming Environments appeared first on The ...

September 07, 2021
Sparking Transformation: How GPUs Busted Through a Once-Impossible Analytics Job
With persistence and the right tools, Deborah Tylor was able to do the impossible. A data scientist, she was tasked to comb a 3+ terabyte dataset at the Internal Revenue Service for patterns that might help uncover fraud. But even when she let the ...

September 02, 2021
Down to a Science: How Johnson & Johnson Boosts Its Business With MLOps
Healthcare giant Johnson The post Down to a Science: How Johnson & Johnson Boosts Its Business With MLOps appeared first on The Official NVIDIA Blog.

September 02, 2021
Streaming in September: GFN Thursday Welcomes 16 Day-and-Date Game Launches, Including ‘Life Is Strange: True Colors’
GFN Thursday is here to wake you up when September begins because there are a bunch of awesome day-and-date launch games coming to GeForce NOW this month. September brings 16 new day-and-date games to the cloud — including the anticipated Life is ...

September 01, 2021
What Is Accelerated Computing?
Accelerated computing is humming in the background, making life better even on a quiet night at home. It prevents credit card fraud when you buy a movie to stream. It recommends a dinner you might like and arranges a fast delivery. Maybe it even ...

August 31, 2021
All the Feels: NVIDIA Shares Expressive Speech Synthesis Research at Interspeech
AI has transformed synthesized speech from the monotone of robocalls and decades-old GPS navigation systems to the polished tone of virtual assistants in smartphones and smart speakers. But there’s still a gap between AI-synthesized speech and the ...

August 31, 2021
On Thin Ice: Arctic AI Model Predicts Sea Ice Loss
Promising more accurate predictions in an era of rapid climate change, a new tool is harnessing deep learning to help better forecast Arctic sea ice conditions months into the future. As described in a paper published in the science journal Nature ...

September 16, 2021
Pushing Forward the Frontiers of Natural Language Processing
Idea generation, not hardware or software, needs to be the bottleneck to the advancement of AI, Bryan Catanzaro, vice president of applied deep learning research at NVIDIA, said this week at the AI Hardware Summit. “We want the inventors, the ...

September 16, 2021
GeForce NOW Members Are Free to Play a Massive Library of Most-Played Games, Included With Membership
Want to play awesome PC games for free without having to buy an expensive gaming rig? This GFN Thursday takes a look at the 90+ free-to-play PC games — including this week’s Fortnite Season 8 release and the Epic Games Store free game of the week, ...

September 15, 2021
NVIDIA to Drive “Advances for Decades to Come,” TIME Magazine Writes
Highlighting NVIDIA’s fast-growing impact, TIME magazine Wednesday named NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang to its list of most influential people of 2021. NVIDIA has enabled a revolution that “allows phones to answer questions out loud, farms to spray weeds ...

September 15, 2021
Whale Hello There: NVIDIA Intern Part of Team Working to Understand, Communicate with Whales
Imagine trying to make contact with super-intelligent beings. Now imagine they’re not from space. Sperm whales, the largest of the toothed whales, boast enormous brains, explains David Gruber, a professor of biology and environmental science at the ...

September 15, 2021
Medical AI Needs Federated Learning, So Will Every Industry
A multi-hospital initiative sparked by the COVID-19 crisis has shown that, by working together, institutions in any industry can develop predictive AI models that set a new standard for both accuracy and generalizability. Published today in Nature ...

September 14, 2021
AI Vision Guides University of Florida’s Rise in College Rankings
When you take a bold step forward, people notice. Today, the University of Florida advanced to No. 5 — in a three-way tie with University of California, Santa Barbara, and University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill — in U.S. News & World Report’s ...

September 14, 2021
Researchers Use GPU to Train Invisible AI Keyboard
An invisible AI-enabled keyboard created in South Korea accelerates one of the most ubiquitous tasks of our time: grinding through texts on mobile phones. The Invisible Mobile Keyboard, or IMK, created by researchers at the Korea Advanced Institute ...

September 13, 2021
How to Use NVIDIA Highlights, Freestyle and Montage in GeForce NOW
Imagine you’re sitting in Discord chat, telling your buddies about the last heroic round of your favorite game, where you broke through the enemy’s defenses and cinched the victory on your own. Your friends think you’re bluffing and demand proof. ...

September 10, 2021
The Bright Continent: AI Fueling a Technological Revolution in Africa
AI is at play on a global stage, and local developers are stealing the show. Grassroot communities are essential to driving AI innovation, according to Kate Kallot, head of emerging areas at NVIDIA. On its opening day, Kallot gave a keynote speech ...

September 10, 2021
Autonomy, Electrification, Sustainability Take Center Stage at Germany’s IAA Auto Show
The transportation industry is adding more torque toward realizing autonomy, electrification and sustainability. That was a key takeaway from Germany’s premier auto show, IAA Mobility 2021 (Internationale Automobil-Ausstellung), which took place ...

September 23, 2021
Doing the Math: Michigan Team Cracks the Code for Subatomic Insights
In record time, Vikram Gavini’s lab crossed a big milestone in viewing tiny things. The three-person team at the University of Michigan crafted a program that uses complex math to peer deep into the world of the atom. It could advance many fields of ...

September 23, 2021
Teamwork Makes the Dream Work: GFN Thursday Celebrates Team17 Titles Streaming From the Cloud
GFN Thursday is all about bringing games powered by GeForce NOW’s GPUs in the cloud to gamers. Today, that spotlight shines on Team17, the prolific publisher behind many games in the GeForce NOW library. The party gets started with their newest ...

September 22, 2021
NVIDIA Extends AI Inference Performance Leadership, with Debut Results on Arm-based Servers
NVIDIA delivers the best results in AI inference using either x86 or Arm-based CPUs, according to benchmarks released today. It’s the third consecutive time NVIDIA has set records in performance and energy efficiency on inference tests from ...

September 22, 2021
NVIDIA Invites Healthcare Startup Submissions to Access UK’s Most Powerful Supercomputer
It takes major computing power to tackle major projects in digital biology — and that’s why we’re connecting pioneering healthcare startups with the U.K.’s most powerful supercomputer, Cambridge-1. U.K. startups can now apply to harness the system, ...

September 22, 2021
Wild Things: 3D Reconstructions of Endangered Species with NVIDIA’s Sifei Liu
Endangered species can be difficult to study — they’re elusive, and the very act of observing them can disrupt their lives. Now, scientists can take a closer look at endangered species by studying AI-generated 3D representations of them. Sifei Liu, ...

September 22, 2021
NVIDIA Calls UK AI Strategy “Important Step,” Will Open Cambridge-1 Supercomputer to UK Healthcare Startups
Drug Development Company Peptone to Access Cambridge-1 to Tackle Digital Biology Challenges
NVIDIA today called the U.K. government’s launch of its AI Strategy an important step forward, and announced a programme to open the Cambridge-1 supercomputer to U.K. healthcare...


September 22, 2021
Next Generation: 'Teens in AI' Takes on the Ada Lovelace Hackathon
Jobs in data science and AI are among the fastest growing in the entire workforce, according to LinkedIn’s 2021 Jobs Report. Teens in AI, a London-based initiative, is working to inspire the next generation of AI researchers, entrepreneurs and ...

September 21, 2021
Trash Talk: Startup’s AI-Driven Detection System Primed to Take a Bite Out of Global Waste
Of the 8.3 billion tons of virgin plastic waste created each year, despite decades of efforts to reduce the amount that ends up in landfills, only about 9 percent gets recycled. London-based computer vision startup Recycleye looks to give those ...

September 20, 2021
Architecture Firm Brings New Structure to Design Workflows With Real-Time Rendering and Virtual Collaboration
When working on future skyscrapers, bridges or other projects, Kohn Pedersen Fox looks beyond traditional processes. The global architecture firm aims to find the most creative and optimal design using advanced technologies like generative design, ...

September 20, 2021
Find the Love We Shared in September: NVIDIA Canvas Update Paints With New Styles
NVIDIA Canvas, the AI-powered painting app that enables artists to paint by material, using AI to turn doodles into beautiful artwork, released an update today introducing custom styles. Now users can apply the look and feel or “style” of their own ...

October 01, 2021
AI Offers Versatile General Robots on Horizon, Says Robotics Visionary
Robots require huge training leaps in AI to become versatile general helpers, says robotics pioneer Pieter Abbeel, who laid out a vision for such neural network brains of the future. Home robots are electronically and mechanically possible today, ...

October 01, 2021
‘Exaggeration Detector’ Could Lead to More Accurate Health Science Journalism
It would be an exaggeration to say you’ll never again read a news article overhyping a medical breakthrough. But, thanks to researchers at the University of Copenhagen, spotting hyperbole may one day get more manageable. In a new paper, Dustin ...

September 30, 2021
Shoot From the Stars: Startup Provides Early Detection of Wildfires From Space
Wildfires are responsible for about 6 percent of the planet’s CO2 emissions, according to Earth System Science Data. Australia’s bushfire season of 2019-2020 alone saw over 46 million acres of land devastated by wildfire, including the loss of ...

September 30, 2021
GFN Thursday Really Heats Up as Electronic Arts Headlines Streaming Releases This Week
Each week GeForce NOW deals out a ready-to-play stream of games. While this week is no exception, it is exceptional as the GeForce NOW library increases with a b-e-a-utiful collection of games from one of the leaders in gaming, Electronic Arts. Four ...

September 30, 2021
NVIDIA Partners With Electronic Arts to Bring Hit Games to GeForce NOW
Cloud Gaming Service Expands Reach of Popular Electronic Arts Franchises to Millions More Gamers on Underpowered PCs, Macs, Chromebooks, Mobile Devices
NVIDIA today announced that Electronic Arts is bringing more of its hit games to the NVIDIA® GeForce NOW™ cloud gaming service, beginning with Battlefield™ 1 Revolution, Mirror's Edge™ Catalyst, Unravel™ Two, Dragon Age™: Inquisition and Apex ...

September 29, 2021
On-Demand Robots: Startup Rolls Out Bot Reservation Service for Museums
By day, Akira Fukabori and Kevin Kajitani worked at Japan’s largest airlines holdings company, but by evening the friends liked to develop new concepts. Last year they convinced the company’s board of directors to take a big leap on one of their ...

September 29, 2021
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang to Unveil New AI Technologies, Products in GTC Keynote; Hundreds of Industry and AI Leaders to Speak at November Event
Top Speakers for Nov. 8-11 Conference Include Stanford’s Fei-Fei Li, Epic Games’ Tim Sweeney, Apple’s Samy Bengio, OpenAI’s Ilya Sutskever
NVIDIA today announced that it will host a global, virtual GTC from Nov. 8-11, featuring a news-filled keynote by NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang and talks from some of the world’s preeminent AI research and industry leaders.

September 28, 2021
Keeping an AI on MRIs: Industry Experts Share Latest on AI and Machine Learning in Medical Imaging
Outscanding: That’s one way to describe the groundbreaking work in AI and medical imaging from researchers at top medical centers and universities. The arrival of AI in healthcare is arguably nowhere more apparent than in radiology, where machine ...

September 28, 2021
Quick on Their Fleet: Kodiak Builds Flexible, High-Performance Self-Driving Trucks on NVIDIA DRIVE
Autonomous trucks need to lighten the load when it comes to mapping, while still perceiving their surrounding environments reliably. That’s the approach Kodiak Robotics, a Silicon Valley-based self-driving truck startup, is taking to deploy safer ...

September 23, 2021
AI in the Sky: NVIDIA GPUs Help Researchers Remove Clouds from Satellite Images
Satellite images can be a fantastic civil engineering tool — at least when clouds don’t get in the way. Now researchers at Osaka University have shown how to use GPU-accelerated deep learning to remove these clouds. The scientists from the ...

October 14, 2021
Looks Can Be Perceiving: Startups Build Highly Accurate Perception Software on NVIDIA DRIVE
For autonomous vehicles, what’s on the surface matters. While humans are taught to avoid snap judgments, self-driving cars must be able to see, detect and act quickly and accurately to operate safely. This capability requires a robust perception ...

October 14, 2021
But Can It Run ‘Crysis Remastered?’ With GeForce NOW, Nearly Any Device Can
GeForce NOW members have the power of our NVIDIA RTX Servers to throw at their favorite PC games. They can use that power to stream Crysis Remastered today, and the complete Crysis Remastered Trilogy starting tomorrow — with the best performance and ...

October 12, 2021
Data Scientists Develop Flood Detection for Early Warning
Devastating floods are making headlines worldwide, but advances in deep learning for detection could turn uncertainty over evacuations into yesterday’s news. Applying a data set of 66,000 images, data scientists have created an ensemble of models ...

October 08, 2021
Oski Technology, an Expert in Formal Verification, Joins NVIDIA
We are excited to announce that Oski Technology, a company specializing in formal verification methods, will be joining NVIDIA. Modern processors pack tens of billions of transistors, tiny on/off switches connected by billions of microscopic ...

October 07, 2021
Wonders of the World: NVIDIA Emerging Chapters Program Spurs AI Innovation Across Developing Countries
Two artists, if given the same paint set, would create distinct works — each showcasing their own points of view. This is especially likely if the artists were to hail from opposite ends of the world. Similarly, developers across the globe use the ...

October 07, 2021
Falling Into October: GFN Thursday Brings ‘Far Cry 6,’ ‘Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy,’ ‘Riders Republic’ to GeForce NOW This Month
The leaves are changing, the weather’s getting colder and 23 new games are streaming from the cloud. October kicks off the way every first GFN Thursday of the month does — with news of great PC games coming to GeForce NOW. This fall’s harvest ...

October 06, 2021
Sing It, Sister! Maya Ackerman on LyricStudio, an AI-Based Writing Assistant
Lennon and McCartney. Ashford and Simpson. Many of our all-time favorite tunes have come from songwriting duos. Now, anyone can find a canny compositional partner in AI. Maya Ackerman is the CEO of WaveAI, a Silicon Valley startup using AI and ...

October 05, 2021
Out of the Box, Into the Container: NVIDIA and VMware Deliver AI at Scale for the Enterprise
NVIDIA and VMware are marking another milestone in their collaboration to develop an AI-ready enterprise platform that brings the world’s leading AI stack and optimized software to the infrastructure used by hundreds of thousands of enterprises ...

October 05, 2021
NVIDIA Expands Early Access Program for VMware’s Project Monterey to Enable Secure, Accelerated Data Centers
Lenovo Joins NVIDIA Early Access Program, Extending the Reach of NVIDIA BlueField DPU-Powered VMware Hybrid Clouds
NVIDIA today announced it is extending its collaboration with Lenovo to include participation in NVIDIA’s early access program in support of Project Monterey, which is designed to modernize enterprise data centers with the security and performance ...

October 04, 2021
Grab a Front Row Seat to the Autonomous Future at GTC
Everything that moves will one day be autonomous, transforming industries and creating new business models. The NVIDIA GPU Technology Conference brings together the leaders, researchers and developers who are building this self-driving future. The ...

October 27, 2021
Keeping an AI on Social Good: Data-Annotation Platform Taps Talent Pool in East Africa
Wendy Gonzalez wants to reduce inequality. In 2015, she left the software-as-a-service startup she co-founded and joined nonprofit data labeling service Sama to do just that. Gonzalez is the CEO of the startup, which is driven by a mission to expand ...

October 26, 2021
NVIDIA Expands Virtual GPU Software to Accelerate Remote Workflows, Graphics Performance
NVIDIA is raising the bar for a modern hybrid workspace experience with the newest release NVIDIA virtual GPU (vGPU) software, now available. The latest version of NVIDIA vGPU adds support for Windows 11 virtual desktops, bringing accelerated ...

October 26, 2021
Adobe MAX Kicks Off With New RTX-Accelerated Adobe Lightroom Features, NVIDIA Studio Session and More
The premier Adobe creativity conference, Adobe MAX, kicks off today, inspiring creatives from around the world on how to bring their ideas to life. Adobe announced two new powerful AI masking features for Adobe Lightroom and Lightroom Classic, ...

October 21, 2021
Stream Me Up: GeForce NOW RTX 3080 Brings Next-Generation Performance to Cloud Gaming
GFN Thursday welcomes you to the next generation of cloud gaming — boldly going where no cloud gaming service has gone before with the new GeForce NOW RTX 3080 membership. The new memberships will stream from the world’s most powerful gaming ...

October 21, 2021
NVIDIA Introduces the Next Generation in Cloud Gaming
Access GeForce RTX 3080-Class Performance Streaming From the Most Powerful Gaming Supercomputer Ever Built
NVIDIA today announced its next-generation cloud gaming platform — delivering GeForce RTX™ 3080-class gaming on GeForce NOW™ — available exclusively in a new, high-performance membership tier.

October 20, 2021
Lights! Camera! Insight! Four Scenes From the Marriage of Computer Vision and Edge Computing
Whether you’re managing stadiums, cities or global corporations, edge AI is critical to improve operational efficiency. That’s the message from people drawn from each of these fields who will share their experiences and aspirations in a panel at ...

October 20, 2021
AI-ncient Pottery: Northern Arizona University Researchers Use Machine Learning to Study Distant Cultures
The more advanced modern technologies become, the more they can help us understand the past. Chris Downum and Leszek Pawlowicz, researchers in the Department of Anthropology at Northern Arizona University, are using GPU-based deep learning ...

October 18, 2021
An Engineer Recalls How AI Broke the Exascale Barrier
Thorsten Kurth still remembers the night he discovered his team broke the exascale barrier. On the couch at home at 9 p.m., he was pouring over the latest results from one of the first big jobs run on Summit, then the world’s top supercomputer, ...

October 18, 2021
College Students in AI Take ‘World’s Greatest Field Trip’ to GTC
Seventy-five students from Houston Community College’s new two-year artificial intelligence program will attend NVIDIA’s GTC conference next month. Calling it “the greatest field trip of all time,” the program’s coordinator, G. Raymond Brown, sees ...

October 15, 2021
Food for Thought: Startups Harness AI to Nurture the Future of Agriculture
From counting cows to detecting weeds to pollinating tomatoes, startups around the world are deploying AI technology to solve problems that farmers have struggled with since the dawn of time. Tomorrow’s World Food Day comes as startups are mobilized ...

November 03, 2021
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for Third-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of Call
SANTA CLARA, Calif., Nov. 03, 2021 -- NVIDIA will host a conference call on Wednesday, November 17, at 2 p.m. PT (5 p.m. ET) to discuss its financial results for the third quarter of fiscal year...

November 03, 2021
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang Kicks Off GTC With Keynote Tuesday
Think fast. Technology is changing the world more quickly than ever. And NVIDIA GTC brings together many of the people who are working to accelerate it. The biggest highlight is NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang’s agenda-setting keynote on Tuesday, Nov. 9 at ...

November 03, 2021
Pixels Galore: Metaspectral’s Migel Tissera on Using AI to Manage Image Data for Space Exploration and More
Moondust, minerals and soil types are just some of the materials that can be quickly identified and analyzed with AI based on their images. Migel Tissera is co-founder and CTO of Metaspectral, a Vancouver-based startup that provides an AI-based data ...

November 01, 2021
AI Completes Beethoven’s Unfinished Symphony Nearly 200 Years Later
Growing up in the Nile delta, Ahmed Elgammal dreamed of becoming an archaeologist or art historian. He never imagined he’d wind up in a concert hall in Bonn listening to the premier of Beethoven’s Tenth, a symphony he helped finish with AI. “As a ...

October 29, 2021
GTC Offers Educational Sessions to Meet Exponential Demand for AI and Robotics Skills
The demand for specialization in AI and robotics is growing more than ever. Roles in these two fields are multiplying across many industries, with titles such as AI specialist and robotics engineer, respectively, placing as the first- and ...

October 29, 2021

What Is a SmartNIC?
When smartphones emerged nearly two decades ago, they changed mobile communications forever. Today, SmartNICs are fomenting a similar kind of revolution in the data center. What Are SmartNICs? A SmartNIC, or smart network interface card (NIC), is a ...

October 28, 2021
Brains and Brawn: Mercedes-AMG SL Sports MBUX, Powered by NVIDIA, for Intelligent Performance
The MBUX AI cockpit just added another “B” to its résumé — beauty, brains, and now, brawn. Mercedes-AMG, the performance subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz, took the wraps off its next-generation SL on Thursday, bringing its long heritage of sport into the ...

October 28, 2021
A Stream Come True: AT&T, Ericsson and Wevr Deliver First Location-Based VR Experience on 5G
5G and NVIDIA CloudXR are bringing magic to the future of immersive entertainment. AT The post A Stream Come True: AT&T Ericsson and Wevr Deliver First Location-Based VR Experience on 5G appeared first on The Official NVIDIA Blog.

October 28, 2021
University Students Prep for the Metaverse by Creating NVIDIA Omniverse Connectors for Class Final
Students majoring in game development engineering at the Universidad de Artes Digitales (UAD) in Guadalajara, Mexico don’t just learn about what goes into video game engines, they create them from scratch. In the class “Tools for Game Development,” ...

October 28, 2021
GeForce NOW RTX 3080 Membership Preorders Open for All, Plus ‘Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy’ and ‘Riders Republic’ Launch
It’s another super GFN Thursday. Some may even call it heroic. All gamers can now preorder the new GeForce NOW RTX 3080 membership to power up their gaming experience with the next generation of cloud gaming. This week also brings the release of ...

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA Creates Framework for AI to Learn Physics
Helping to accelerate work on some of the most challenging problems of our time, NVIDIA announced an AI framework that provides engineers, scientists and researchers a customizable, easy-to-adopt, physics-based toolkit to build neural network models ...

November 09, 2021
Entos Transforms Drug Discovery and Design With NVIDIA AI-Powered Molecular Simulation
More knowledge means more informed predictions. That’s the principle San Diego-based startup Entos is applying to revolutionize drug design with an AI-powered approach that enables a thousandfold acceleration in molecular properties prediction. Drug ...

November 09, 2021
Mega Factor: Three Forces Fuse for Computing’s Million-X Leap
Researchers are finding the jet fuel for the million-x advances their work now demands. They face rising mountains of data with soaring computational requirements they can’t surmount relying solely on Moore’s law, the sputtering combustion engine of ...

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA Creates Zero-Trust Cybersecurity Platform
Growing enterprises are faced with managing exponentially increasing numbers of users, data, devices and applications in their data centers. Along with that come heightened cybersecurity threats. To help them stay ahead of ever more sophisticated ...

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA Quantum-2 Takes Supercomputing to New Heights, Into the Cloud
New 400Gbps InfiniBand Switch and Networking Platform Features Secure, Cloud-Native, Multi-Tenant, Bare-Metal Performance for AI, Data Analytics, HPC Applications
NVIDIA today announced NVIDIA Quantum-2, the next generation of its InfiniBand networking platform, which offers the extreme performance, broad accessibility and strong security needed by cloud computing providers and supercomputing centers.

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA Teams With Google Quantum AI, IBM and Other Leaders to Speed Research in Quantum Computing
It takes a village to nurture an emerging technology, so NVIDIA is collaborating with Google Quantum AI, IBM and others to take quantum computing to the next level. Quantum computing offers the promise of solving previously unsolvable problems in ...

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA Sets World Record for Quantum Computing Simulation With cuQuantum Running on DGX SuperPOD
In the emerging world of quantum computing, we just broke a record with big impact, and we’re making our software available so anyone can do this work. Quantum computing will propel a new wave of advances in climate research, drug discovery, finance ...

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA Brings AI to the Supply Chain
The global pandemic has created a supply chain crisis affecting just about every person and business on the planet. For consumers, supply-and-demand imbalances might be written off as one less present under the Christmas tree. Businesses, however, ...

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA Launches New, Updated Accelerated Computing Libraries: NVIDIA ReOpt, cuQuantum, cuNumeric, cuGraph, Modulus, Morpheus, NeMo Megatron, Riva, RAPIDS, DOCA and Dozens More
NVIDIA has introduced 65 new and updated software development kits — including libraries, code samples and guides — that bring improved features and capabilities to data scientists, researchers, students and developers who are pushing the frontiers ...

November 04, 2021
New in NOWvember: GFN Thursday Brings 17 Games to GeForce NOW
The first GFN Thursday of the month always means a whole lot of “more” for GeForce NOW. It’s such a big month — with a bounty of games and the next generation of cloud gaming in GeForce NOW RTX 3080 memberships set to activate — we’re tempted to ...

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA Creates AI Computing Platform to Bring Real-Time Sensing to Medical Instruments, Devices
Innovation in medical device technology combined with AI is giving healthcare professionals better decision-making tools to deliver care in robot-assisted surgery, interventional radiology, radiation therapy planning and more. To enable this for ...

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA Speech AI Breakthrough Enables Enterprises to Create Unique Voices for Every Brand
NVIDIA announced a tool that enables the creation of custom, human-like voices in just a day, with only 30 minutes of audio data. NVIDIA Riva Custom Voice, a feature in NVIDIA Riva speech AI software, makes it practical for millions of companies to ...

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA Fast Tracks Enterprise AI Development and Deployment with Global Expansion of LaunchPad
NVIDIA announced the global expansion of its NVIDIA LaunchPad program, which is growing from its initial availability in North America to operations in nine locations around the world. Available directly from NVIDIA, LaunchPad provides immediate ...

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA at the Edge: Metropolis Edge AI-on-5G Platform Delivers Intelligent Video Analytics Over 5G
Mavenir is announcing MAVedge-AI, a converged intelligent video analytics solution powered by the NVIDIA Metropolis AI-on-5G platform, which is expected to be available for customers in early 2022. Along with Mavenir “construction kit”, a ...

November 09, 2021
Electrifying AI: Siemens Energy Taps NVIDIA Triton Inference Server for Power Plant Inspections, Autonomy
With fast-changing energy markets at stake, AI is helping cities across the globe stay lit. Siemens Energy is putting NVIDIA Triton Inference Server into play to use AI to assist in solving power plant management concerns regarding predictive ...

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA Announces Major Updates to Triton Inference Server as 25,000+ Companies Worldwide Deploy NVIDIA AI Inference
Capital One, Microsoft, Samsung Medison, Siemens Energy, Snap Among Industry Leaders Worldwide Using Platform
NVIDIA today announced major updates to its AI inference platform, which is now being used by Capital One, Microsoft, Samsung Medison, Siemens Energy and Snap, among its 25,000+ customers.

November 09, 2021
Live Captions, Transcription on Microsoft Teams Boosted With Microsoft Azure Cognitive Services and NVIDIA AI
Microsoft Teams helps students and professionals worldwide follow along to online meetings with AI-generated live captions and real-time transcription — features that are getting a boost from NVIDIA AI computing technologies for training and NVIDIA ...

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA Brings Large Language AI Models to Enterprises Worldwide
NVIDIA NeMo Megatron Framework; Megatron 530B Customizable Large Language Model; Multi-GPU, Multinode Triton Inference Server Empower Development, Deployment of Language-Based AI to Advance Industries and Science
NVIDIA today opened the door for enterprises worldwide to develop and deploy large language models (LLM) by enabling them to build their own domain-specific chatbots, personal assistants and other AI applications that understand language with ...

November 09, 2021
Ericsson Builds Digital Twins for 5G Networks in NVIDIA Omniverse
If a virtual tree falls and hits a 5G antenna in Stockholm, does it make a sound in Chicago? Thanks to Ericsson, the answer is yes. Everything from the locations of trees to the height and composition of buildings is crucial because they impact 5G ...

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA Opens New Portals Into Virtual Worlds With Expanded Omniverse Ecosystem and Capabilities
The realm of virtual worlds takes a major leap forward today with the introduction of new features and partners for NVIDIA Omniverse — speeding the internet’s evolution from ordinary 2D into a dazzling world that bursts alive in 3D. Omniverse — a ...

November 09, 2021
The New Era of Transportation Is Built on NVIDIA DRIVE Orin
The performance of NVIDIA DRIVE Orin extends from vehicles great — busses and trucks — and small — such as lightning-quick sports cars. Performance automaker Lotus, autonomous driving solutions provider QCraft and EV startup WM Motor announced at ...

November 09, 2021
GTC Wrap-Up: NVIDIA CEO Outlines Vision for Accelerated Computing, Data Center Architecture, AI, Robotics, Omniverse Avatars and Digital Twins in Keynote
Bringing simulation of real and virtual worlds to everything from self-driving vehicles to avatars to robotics to modeling the planet’s climate, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang Tuesday introduced technologies to transform multitrillion-dollar ...

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA Omniverse Avatar with DRIVE Concierge Automates Parking Experience
Whether it’s parallel, perpendicular or angled, parking can be an onerous task at the end of any drive. NVIDIA DRIVE Concierge, built on Omniverse Avatar, redefines not only the in-vehicle experience, but also parking, making any type of space a ...

November 09, 2021
Charting New Paths: DRIVE Mapping Collective Memory Helps AVs Perceive Environments
NVIDIA DRIVE Mapping is going global. During the opening keynote at GTC, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang demonstrated the latest mapping capabilities combining NVIDIA DRIVE and DeepMap technology. The result is a high-definition solution that ...

November 09, 2021
A First-Class Experience, for Every Car: Meet NVIDIA DRIVE Concierge and Chauffeur, Built With Omniverse Avatar
The daily drive doesn’t have to be a daily grind. In his GTC keynote, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang announced NVIDIA DRIVE Concierge and DRIVE Chauffeur, AI platforms dedicated to removing the stress and hassles of everyday driving. These ...

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA Omniverse Replicator for DRIVE Sim Accelerates AV Development, Improves Perception Results
The gap between reality and simulation just became narrower. In his keynote at GTC, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang announced NVIDIA Omniverse Replicator, an engine for generating synthetic data with ground truth for training AI networks. In a ...

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion Combines Orin With Best-in-Class Sensor Architecture for Production-Ready Platform
Safe, robust autonomous vehicles require a foundation that’s just as dependable. NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion 8 is a computer architecture and sensor set for full self-driving systems. This latest generation technology is designed for the highest levels of ...

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA Announces Omniverse Replicator Synthetic-Data-Generation Engine for Training AIs
First Omniverse Replicator-Based Applications, DRIVE Sim and Isaac Sim, Accelerate Development of Autonomous Vehicles and Robots
NVIDIA today announced NVIDIA Omniverse Replicator, a powerful synthetic-data-generation engine that produces physically simulated synthetic data for training deep neural networks.

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA Sets Path for Future of Edge AI and Autonomous Machines With New Jetson AGX Orin Robotics Computer
NVIDIA Ampere Architecture Comes to Jetson, Delivering up to 200 TOPS and 6x Performance Gain
NVIDIA today introduced NVIDIA Jetson AGX Orin™, the world’s smallest, most powerful and energy-efficient AI supercomputer for robotics, autonomous machines, medical devices and other forms of embedded computing at the edge.

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA Announces Platform for Creating AI Avatars
NVIDIA Omniverse Avatar Enables Real-Time Conversational AI Assistants
NVIDIA today announced NVIDIA Omniverse Avatar, a technology platform for generating interactive AI avatars.

November 12, 2021
NVIDIA to Build Earth-2 Supercomputer to See Our Future
The earth is warming. The past seven years are on track to be the seven warmest on record. The emissions of greenhouse gases from human activities are responsible for approximately 1.1°C of average warming since the period 1850-1900. What we’re ...

November 11, 2021
NVIDIA Omniverse Enterprise Delivers the Future of 3D Design and Real-Time Collaboration
For millions of professionals around the world, 3D workflows are essential. Everything they build, from cars to products to buildings, must first be designed or simulated in a virtual world. At the same time, more organizations are tackling complex ...

November 11, 2021
Catch Some Rays This GFN Thursday With ‘Jurassic World Evolution 2’ and ‘Bright Memory: Infinite’ Game Launches
This week’s GFN Thursday packs a prehistoric punch with the release of Jurassic World Evolution 2. It also gets infinitely brighter with the release of Bright Memory: Infinite. Both games feature NVIDIA RTX technologies and are part of the six ...

November 11, 2021
How Researchers Use NVIDIA AI to Help Mitigate Misinformation
Researchers tackling the challenge of visual misinformation — think the TikTok video of Tom Cruise supposedly golfing in Italy during the pandemic — must continuously advance their tools to identify AI-generated images. NVIDIA is furthering this ...

November 10, 2021
November Studio Driver Releases at GTC With Support for New NVIDIA Omniverse Updates
NVIDIA GTC is live and bustling, bringing together the world’s most brilliant and creative minds who shape our world with the power of AI, computer graphics and more. At the show, we announced new features for NVIDIA Omniverse, our real-time ...

November 10, 2021
NVIDIA Unveils New Development Opportunities and Paths to Market for Millions of Developers
With NVIDIA Omniverse, millions of developers around the world can now take their workflows to the next level. At GTC, we introduced exclusive events, sessions and other resources to showcase how we’re expanding Omniverse, the multi-GPU, real-time ...

November 09, 2021
Money Talks: NVIDIA Inception Opens New VC Funding Opportunities to Startups
To better expose the 9,000+ members of NVIDIA Inception to venture capital funding, we’ve introduced a new program benefit to connect these startups with our rapidly growing community of 200 VCs and investors. The NVIDIA Inception VC Alliance will ...

November 09, 2021
Risky Business: Latest Benchmarks Show How Financial Industry Can Harness NVIDIA DGX Platform to Better Manage Market Uncertainty
Amid increasing market volatility, financial risk managers are looking for faster, better market analytics. Today that’s served up by advanced risk algorithms running on the fastest parallel computing systems. Boosting the state of the art for risk ...

November 09, 2021
MD Anderson Researchers Harness AI to Transform Cancer Care
To unlock real insights from data, AI and data science research can’t live on the outskirts of an institution — it has to become part of an organization’s core strategy. The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, the top-ranked cancer ...

November 09, 2021
NVIDIA, Lockheed Martin Team Up With State and Federal Forest Services to Fight Wildfires With AI
Intense wildfires fueled by warmer, drier weather have swept across enormous swaths of forest worldwide, causing nearly $20 billion in damage in the Western U.S. alone last year, according to one estimate. To better understand wildfires and stop ...

November 18, 2021
AI of the Tiger: Conservation Biologist Jeremy Dertien on Real-Time Poaching Prevention
Fewer than 4,000 tigers remain worldwide, according to Tigers United, a university consortium that recently began using AI to help save the species. Jeremy Dertien is a conservation biologist with Tigers United and a Ph.D. candidate in wildlife ...

November 17, 2021
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Third Quarter Fiscal 2022
NVIDIA today reported record revenue for the third quarter ended October 31, 2021, of $7.10 billion, up 50 percent from a year earlier and up 9 percent from the previous quarter, with record revenue from the company’s Gaming, Data Center and ...

November 17, 2021
MLPerf HPC Benchmarks Show the Power of HPC+AI
NVIDIA-powered systems won four of five tests in MLPerf HPC 1.0, an industry benchmark for AI performance on scientific applications in high performance computing. They’re the latest results from MLPerf, a set of industry benchmarks for deep ...

November 16, 2021
A Revolution in the Making: How AI and Science Can Mitigate Climate Change
A partial differential equation is “the most powerful tool humanity has ever created,” Cornell University mathematician Steven Strogatz wrote in a 2009 New York Times opinion piece. This quote opened last week’s GTC talk AI4Science: The Convergence ...

November 15, 2021
World’s Fastest Supercomputers Changing Fast
Modern computing workloads — including scientific simulations, visualization, data analytics, and machine learning — are pushing supercomputing centers, cloud providers and enterprises to rethink their computing architecture. The processor or the ...

November 15, 2021
Gordon Bell Finalists Fight COVID, Advance Science With NVIDIA Technologies
Two simulations of a billion atoms, two fresh insights into how the SARS-CoV-2 virus works, and a new AI model to speed drug discovery. Those are results from finalists for Gordon Bell awards, considered a Nobel prize in high performance computing. ...

November 15, 2021
Universities Expand Research Horizons with NVIDIA Systems, Networks
Just as the Dallas/Fort Worth airport became a hub for travelers crisscrossing America, the north Texas region will be a gateway to AI if folks at Southern Methodist University have their way. SMU is installing an NVIDIA DGX SuperPOD, an accelerated ...

November 15, 2021
Atos and NVIDIA to Advance Climate and Healthcare Research With Exascale Computing
New Excellence AI Lab to Solve Science Challenges at Scale With Help of High Performance Computing and AI
Atos and NVIDIA today announced the Excellence AI Lab (EXAIL), which brings together scientists and researchers to help advance European computing technologies, education and research.

November 15, 2021
Siemens Energy Taps NVIDIA to Develop Industrial Digital Twin of Power Plant in Omniverse
Siemens Energy, a leading supplier of power plant technology in the trillion-dollar worldwide energy market, is relying on the NVIDIA Omniverse platform to create digital twins to support predictive maintenance of power plants. In doing so, Siemens ...

November 12, 2021
NVIDIA GTC Sees Spike in Developers From Africa
The appetite for AI and data science is increasing, and nowhere is that more prevalent than in emerging markets. Registrations for this week’s GTC from African nations tripled compared with the spring edition of the event. Indeed, Nigeria had the ...

November 29, 2021
NVIDIA AI Enterprise Helps Researchers, Hospitals Targeting Cancer Hit the Mark
Whether facilitating cancer screenings, cutting down on false positives, or improving tumor identification and treatment planning, AI is a powerful agent for healthcare innovation and acceleration. Yet, despite its promise, integrating AI into ...

November 29, 2021
Federated Learning With FLARE: NVIDIA Brings Collaborative AI to Healthcare and Beyond
NVIDIA is making it easier than ever for researchers to harness federated learning by open-sourcing NVIDIA FLARE, a software development kit that helps distributed parties collaborate to develop more generalizable AI models. Federated learning is a ...

November 25, 2021
A Very Thankful GFN Thursday: New Games, GeForce NOW Gift Cards and More
Happy Thanksgiving, members. It’s a very special GFN Thursday. As the official kickoff to what’s sure to be a busy holiday season for our members around the globe, this week’s GFN Thursday brings a few reminders of the joys of PC gaming in the ...

November 22, 2021
‘Paint Me a Picture’: NVIDIA Research Shows GauGAN AI Art Demo Now Responds to Words
A picture worth a thousand words now takes just three or four words to create, thanks to GauGAN2, the latest version of NVIDIA Research’s wildly popular AI painting demo. The deep learning model behind GauGAN allows anyone to channel their ...

November 19, 2021
An Elevated Experience: Xpeng G9 Takes EV Innovation Higher with NVIDIA DRIVE Orin
You don’t need a private plane to be at the forefront of personal travel. Electric automaker Xpeng took the wraps off the G9 SUV this week at the international Auto Guangzhou show in China. The intelligent, software-defined vehicle is built on the ...

November 19, 2021
In Pursuit of Smart City Vision, Startup Two-i Keeps an AI on Worker Safety
When Julien Trombini and Guillaume Cazenave founded video-analytics startup Two-i four years ago, they had an ambitious goal: improving the quality of urban life by one day being able to monitor a city’s roads, garbage collection and other public ...

November 18, 2021
NVIDIA CEO Receives Semiconductor Industry’s Top Honor
By the time the night was over, it felt like Jensen Huang had given everyone in the ballroom a good laugh and a few things to think about. The annual dinner of the Semiconductor Industry Association—a group of companies that together employ a ...

November 18, 2021
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community: Credit Suisse 25th Annual Technology Conference Tuesday, Nov. 30, at 7:55 a.m....

November 18, 2021
From Process to Product Design: How Rendermedia Elevates Manufacturing Workflows With XR Experiences
Manufacturers are bringing product designs to life in a newly immersive world. Rendermedia, based in the U.K., specializes in immersive solutions for commerce and industries. The company provides clients with tools and applications for ...

November 18, 2021
A GFN Thursday Deal: Get ‘Crysis Remastered’ Free With Any Six-Month GeForce NOW Membership
You’ve reached your weekly gaming checkpoint. Welcome to a positively packed GFN Thursday. This week delivers a sweet deal for gamers ready to upgrade their PC gaming from the cloud. With any new, paid six-month Priority or GeForce NOW RTX 3080 ...

December 08, 2021
Artisan Baking: How Creators Worldwide Cooked Up GTC Keynote's Virtual Kitchen
With their marbled counters, neoclassical oven alcove and iconic bouquets of spatulas, the “kitchen keynotes” delivered by NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang during pandemic-era GTCs have been a memorable setting for the highly anticipated events. ...

December 07, 2021
Silicon Express Lanes: AI, GPUs Pave Fast Routes for Chip Designers
AI can design chips no human could, said Bill Dally in a virtual keynote today at the Design Automation Conference (DAC), one of the world’s largest gatherings of semiconductor engineers. The chief scientist of NVIDIA discussed research in ...

December 07, 2021
Majority Report: 2022 Predictions on How AI Will Impact Global Industries
There’s an old axiom that the best businesses thrive during periods of uncertainty. No doubt, that will be tested to the limits as 2022 portends upheaval on a grand scale. Pandemic-related supply chain disruptions are affecting everything from ...

December 02, 2021
Omniverse Creator Takes Viewers Down an Artistic Time Tunnel in OmniRacer Video
Movies like The Matrix and The Lord of the Rings inspired a lifelong journey in computer graphics for Piotr Skiejka, a senior visual effects artist at Ubisoft. Born in Poland and based in Singapore, Skiejka turned his childhood passion of playing ...

December 02, 2021
GFN Thursday: Dashing Into December With RTX 3080 Memberships and 20 New Games
With the holiday season comes many joys for GeForce NOW members. This month, RTX 3080 membership preorders are activating in Europe. Plus, we’ve made a list — and checked it twice. In total, 20 new games are joining the GeForce NOW library in ...

December 02, 2021
Fotokite’s Autonomous Drone Gives Firefighters an Eye in the Sky
First responders don’t have time on their side. Whether fires, search-and-rescue missions or medical emergencies, their challenges are usually dangerous and time-sensitive. Using autonomous technology, Zurich-based Fotokite is developing a system to ...

December 01, 2021
Cloud Service, OEMs Raise the Bar on AI Training with NVIDIA AI
Look who just set new speed records for training AI models fast: Dell Technologies, Inspur, Supermicro and — in its debut on the MLPerf benchmarks — Azure, all using NVIDIA AI. Our platform set records across all eight popular workloads in the ...

December 01, 2021
Real or Not Real? Attorney Steven Frank Uses Deep Learning to Authenticate Art
Leonardo da Vinci’s portrait of Jesus, known as Salvator Mundi, was sold at a British auction for nearly half a billion dollars in 2017, making it the most expensive painting ever to change hands. However, even art history experts were skeptical ...

November 29, 2021
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community:

November 29, 2021
If I Had a Hammer: Purdue’s Anvil Supercomputer Will See Use All Over the Land
Carol Song is opening a door for researchers to advance science on Anvil, Purdue University’s new AI-ready supercomputer, an opportunity she couldn’t have imagined as a teenager in China. “I grew up in a tumultuous time when, unless you had unusual ...

December 15, 2021
‘AI 2041: Ten Visions for Our Future’: AI Pioneer Kai-Fu Lee Discusses His New Work of Fiction
One of AI’s greatest champions has turned to fiction to answer the question: how will technology shape our world in the next 20 years? Kai-Fu Lee, CEO of Sinovation Ventures and a former president of Google China, spoke with NVIDIA AI Podcast host ...

December 14, 2021
NVIDIA Awards $50,000 Fellowships to Ph.D. Students for GPU Computing Research
For more than two decades, NVIDIA has supported graduate students doing GPU-based work through the NVIDIA Graduate Fellowship Program. Today we’re announcing the latest awards of up to $50,000 each to 10 Ph.D. students involved in GPU computing ...

December 14, 2021
What Is a Digital Twin?
A digital twin is a continuously updated virtual representation — a true-to-reality simulation of physics and materials — of a real-world physical asset or system. The post What Is a Digital Twin? appeared first on The Official NVIDIA Blog.

December 14, 2021
Startup Surge: Utility Feels Power of Computer Vision to Track its Lines
It was the kind of message Connor McCluskey loves to find in his inbox. As a member of the product innovation team at FirstEnergy Corp. — an electric utility serving 6 million customers from central Ohio to the New Jersey coast — his job is to find ...

December 13, 2021
Sensing What’s Ahead in 2022: Latest Breakthroughs Pave Way for Year of Autonomous Vehicle Innovation
2021 trends are charging into 2022, heralding a new era of autonomous transportation and opening up business models and services never before dreamed of. In the next year, software-defined compute architectures, electric powertrains, high-fidelity ...

December 13, 2021
Forrester Report: ‘NVIDIA GPUs Are Synonymous With AI Infrastructure’
In an evaluation of enterprise AI infrastructure providers, Forrester Research Monday recognized NVIDIA as a leader in AI infrastructure. The “Forrester Wave™: AI Infrastructure, Q4 2021” report states that “​​NVIDIA’s DNA is in every other AI ...

December 13, 2021
Blender 3.0 Release Accelerated by NVIDIA RTX GPUs, Adds USD Support for Omniverse
‘Tis the season for all content creators, especially 3D artists, this month on NVIDIA Studio. Blender, the world’s most popular open-source 3D creative application, launched a highly anticipated 3.0 release, delivering extraordinary performance ...

December 09, 2021
Forging New Pathways: Boys & Girls Clubs Teens Take AI From Idea to Application
Building AI projects to aid Alzheimer’s patients and monitor pedestrian safety might not be the typical way teens spend their summer. But that’s what a dozen teens with the Boys & Girls Clubs of Hudson County, in densely packed northeastern New ...

December 09, 2021
Latest GeForce NOW Upgrade Rolling Out With Ubisoft Connect Account Linking and Improved PC Gaming on Mac
Get into the game quicker with the latest GeForce NOW update starting to roll out this GFN Thursday. Learn more about our latest app update — featuring Ubisoft Connect account linking for faster game launches — now rolling out to members, and the ...

December 08, 2021
Accelerating Financial Services With AI
AI is enabling brighter financial futures for consumers and businesses. From traditional banks to new fintechs, the financial services industry is powering use cases with AI such as preventing payments fraud, automating insurance claims, and ...
Read bloggingDecember 23, 2021
Have a Holly, Jolly Gaming Season on GeForce NOW
Happy holidays, members. This GFN Thursday is packed with winter sales for several games streaming on GeForce NOW, as well as seasonal in-game events. Plus, for those needing a last minute gift for a gamer in their lives, we’ve got you covered with ...

December 21, 2021
3D Artist Turns Hobby Into Career, Using Omniverse to Turn Sketches Into Masterpieces
It was memories of playing Pac-Man and Super Mario Bros while growing up in Colombia’s sprawling capital of Bogotá that inspired Yenifer Macias’s award-winning submission for the #CreateYourRetroverse contest, featured above. The contest asked ...

December 21, 2021
NVIDIA BlueField Sets New World Record for DPU Performance
Data centers need extremely fast storage access, and no DPU is faster than NVIDIA’s BlueField-2. Recent testing by NVIDIA shows that a single BlueField-2 data processing unit reaches 41.5 million input/output operations per second (IOPS) — more than ...

December 21, 2021
How Omniverse Wove a Real CEO — and His Toy Counterpart — Together With Stunning Demos at GTC
It could only happen in NVIDIA Omniverse — the company’s virtual world simulation and collaboration platform for 3D workflows. And it happened during an interview with a virtual toy model of NVIDIA’s CEO, Jensen Huang. “What are the greatest …” one ...

December 20, 2021
Living in the Future: NIO ET5 Sedan Designed for the Autonomous Era With NVIDIA DRIVE Orin
Meet the electric vehicle that’s truly future-proof. Electric-automaker NIO took the wraps off its fifth mass-production model, the ET5, during NIO Day 2021 last week. The mid-size sedan borrows from its luxury and performance predecessors for an ...

December 20, 2021
Detect That Defect: Mariner Speeds Up Manufacturing Workflows With AI-Based Visual Inspection
Imagine picking out a brand new car — only to find a chip in the paint, rip in the seat fabric or mark in the glass. AI can help prevent such moments of disappointment for manufacturers and potential buyers. Mariner, an NVIDIA Metropolis partner ...

December 17, 2021
Top 5 Edge AI Trends to Watch in 2022
2021 saw massive growth in the demand for edge computing — driven by the pandemic, the need for more efficient business processes, as well as key advances in the Internet of Things, 5G and AI. In a study published by IBM in May, for example, 94 ...

December 16, 2021
Omniverse Creator Uses AI to Make Scenes With Singing Digital Humans
The thing about inspiration is you never know where it might come from, or where it might lead. Anderson Rohr, a 3D generalist and freelance video editor based in southern Brazil, has for more than a dozen years created content ranging from wedding ...

December 16, 2021
Get the Best of Cloud Gaming With GeForce NOW RTX 3080 Memberships Available Instantly
The future of cloud gaming is available NOW, for everyone, with preorders closing and GeForce NOW RTX 3080 memberships moving to instant access. Gamers can sign up for a six-month GeForce NOW RTX 3080 membership and instantly stream the next ...

December 16, 2021
NVIDIA to Unveil Latest Accelerated Computing Breakthroughs in Virtual Special Address During CES
From Design and Simulation to Gaming to Autonomous VehiclesSANTA CLARA, Calif., Dec. 16, 2021 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA today announced that it will deliver a special address during CES on ...

January 04, 2022
NVIDIA Makes Free Version of Omniverse Available to Millions of Individual Creators and Artists Worldwide
Designed to be the foundation that connects virtual worlds, NVIDIA Omniverse is now available to millions of individual NVIDIA Studio creators using GeForce RTX and NVIDIA RTX GPUs. In a special address at CES, NVIDIA also announced new platform ...

January 04, 2022
Autonomous Era Arrives at CES 2022 With NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion and Omniverse Avatar
CES has long been a showcase on what’s coming down the technology pipeline. This year, NVIDIA is showing the radical innovation happening now. During a special virtual address at the show, Ali Kani, vice president and general manager of Automotive ...

January 04, 2022
GeForce NOW Delivers Legendary GeForce Gaming With More Games on More Networks to More Devices
GeForce NOW is kicking off the new year by bringing more games, more devices and more networks to our cloud gaming ecosystem. The next pair of Electronic Arts games, Battlefield 4 and Battlefield V, is streaming on GeForce NOW. We’re also working ...

January 04, 2022
NVIDIA Expands Reach With New GeForce Laptops and Desktops, GeForce NOW Partners, and Omniverse for Creators
160+ Gaming and Studio Laptop Designs, GeForce RTX 3080 Ti for Laptops and RTX 3050 for Desktops; More Electronic Arts Games, Samsung TVs and AT Omniverse Extended to Millions of Creators
CES—NVIDIA today set out the next direction of the ultimate platform for gamers and creators, unveiling more than 160 gaming and Studio GeForce®-based laptop designs, as well as new desktop and laptop GeForce RTX® GPUs and technologies.

December 31, 2021
5 Ways AI Aimed to Improve the World in 2021
Not so long ago, searching for information could lead to a library to scan endless volumes or even tediously sift through microfilm. Clearly, technology is making the world a better place. Scientists, researchers, developers and companies have been ...

December 30, 2021
Innovation Inspiration: 5 Startup Stories From NVIDIA Inception in 2021
NVIDIA Inception is one of the largest startup ecosystems in the world — and its thousands of members achieved impressive feats in 2021, bringing AI and data science to an array of industries. NVIDIA Inception nurtures cutting-edge AI, data science ...

December 30, 2021
GFN Thursday Says ‘GGs’ to 2021 With Our Community’s Top Titles of the Year
It’s the final countdown for what’s been a big year for cloud gaming. For the last GFN Thursday of the year, we’re taking a look at some of the GeForce NOW community’s top picks of games that joined the GeForce NOW library in 2021. Plus, check out ...

December 29, 2021
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Event for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following event for the financial community: 24th Annual Needham Virtual Growth Conference

December 29, 2021
AI Podcast Wrapped: Top Five Episodes of 2021
Recognized as one of tech’s top podcasts, the NVIDIA AI Podcast is approaching 3 million listens in five years, as it sweeps across topics like robots, data science, computer graphics and renewable energy. Its 150+ episodes reinforce the ...

December 28, 2021
It Was a Really Virtual Year: Top Five NVIDIA Videos of 2021
What better way to look back at NVIDIA’s top five videos of 2021 than to hop into the cockpit of a virtual plane flying over Taipei. That was how NVIDIA’s Jeff Fisher and Manuvir Das invited viewers into their COMPUTEX keynote on May 31. Their ...

January 10, 2022
AI Startup Speeds Up Derivative Models for Bank of Montreal
To make the best portfolio decisions, banks need to accurately calculate values of their trades, while factoring in uncertain external risks. This requires high-performance computing power to run complex derivatives models — which find fair prices ...

January 10, 2022
Cloud Control: Production Studio Taylor James Elevates Remote Workflows With NVIDIA Technology
WFH was likely one the most-used acronyms of the past year, with more businesses looking to enhance their employees’ remote experiences than ever. Creative production studio Taylor James found a cloud-based solution to maintain efficiency and ...

January 07, 2022
Scooping up Customers: Startup’s No-Code AI Gains Traction for Industrial Inspection
Bill Kish founded Ruckus Wireless two decades ago to make Wi-Fi networking easier. Now, he’s doing the same for computer vision in industrial AI. In 2015, Kish started Cogniac, a company that offers a self-service computer vision platform and ...

January 06, 2022
Prepare for Genshin Impact, Coming to GeForce NOW in Limited Beta
GeForce NOW is charging into the new year at full force. This GFN Thursday comes with the news that Genshin Impact, the popular open-world action role-playing game, will be coming to the cloud this year, arriving in a limited beta. Plus, this year’s ...

January 05, 2022
Teamwork Makes AVs Work: NVIDIA and Deloitte Deliver Turnkey Solutions for AV Developers
Autonomous vehicles are born in the data center, which is why NVIDIA and Deloitte are delivering a strong foundation for developers to deploy robust self-driving technology. At CES this week, the companies detailed their collaboration, which is ...

January 05, 2022
‘AI Dungeon’ Creator Nick Walton Uses AI to Generate Infinite Gaming Storylines
What started as Nick Walton’s college hackathon project grew into AI Dungeon, a popular text adventure game with over 1.5 million users. Walton is the co-founder and CEO of Latitude, a Utah-based startup that uses AI to create unique gaming ...

January 04, 2022
NVIDIA Builds Isaac AMR Platform to Aid $9 Trillion Logistics Industry
Manufacturing and fulfillment centers are profoundly complex. Whenever new earbuds or socks land at your doorstep in hours or a vehicle rolls off an assembly line, a maze of magic happens with AI-driven logistics. Massive facilities like these are ...

January 04, 2022
Gamers, Creators, Drivers Feel GeForce RTX, NVIDIA AI Everywhere
Putting the power of graphics and AI at the fingertips of more users than ever, NVIDIA announced today new laptops and autonomous vehicles using GeForce RTX and NVIDIA AI platforms and expanded reach for GeForce NOW cloud gaming across Samsung TVs ...

January 04, 2022
NVIDIA Canvas Updated With New AI Model Delivering 4x Resolution and More Materials
As art evolves and artists’ abilities grow, so must their creative tools. NVIDIA Canvas, the free beta app and part of the NVIDIA Studio suite of creative apps and tools, has brought the real-time painting tool GauGAN to anyone with an NVIDIA RTX ...

January 04, 2022
Groundbreaking Updates to NVIDIA Studio Power the 3D Virtual Worlds of Tomorrow, Today
We’re at the dawn of the next digital frontier. Creativity is fueling new developments in design, innovation and virtual worlds. For the creators driving this future, we’ve built NVIDIA Studio, a fully accelerated platform with high-performance GPUs ...

January 19, 2022
Fusing Art and Tech: MORF Gallery CEO Scott Birnbaum on Digital Paintings, NFTs and More
Browse through MORF Gallery — virtually or at an in-person exhibition — and you’ll find robots that paint, digital dreamscape experiences, and fine art brought to life by visual effects. The gallery showcases cutting-edge, one-of-a-kind artwork from ...

January 18, 2022
Billions Served: NVIDIA Merlin Helps Fuel Clicks for Online Giants
Online commerce has rocketed to trillions of dollars worldwide in the past decade, serving billions of consumers. Behind the scenes of this explosive growth in online sales is personalization driven by recommender engines. Recommenders make shopping ...

January 14, 2022
From Imagination to Animation, How an Omniverse Creator Makes Films Virtually
Growing up in the Philippines, award-winning filmmaker Jae Solina says he turned to movies for a reminder that the world was much larger than himself and his homeland. The post From Imagination to Animation, How an Omniverse Creator Makes Films ...

January 13, 2022
How Retailers Meet Tough Challenges Using NVIDIA AI
At the National Retail Federation’s annual trade show, conversations tend to touch on recurring themes: “Will we be able to stock must-have products for next Christmas?,” “What incentives can I offer to loyal workers?” and “What happens to my ...

January 13, 2022
AI Startup to Take a Bite Out of Fast-Food Labor Crunch
Addressing a growing labor crisis among quick-service restaurants, startup Vistry is harnessing AI to automate the process of taking orders. The company will share its story at the NRF Big Show, the annual industry gathering of the National Retail ...

January 13, 2022
GFN Thursday: ‘Fortnite’ Comes to iOS Safari and Android Through NVIDIA GeForce NOW via Closed Beta
Starting next week, Fortnite on GeForce NOW will launch in a limited-time closed beta for mobile, all streamed through the Safari web browser on iOS and the GeForce NOW Android app. The beta is open for registration for all GeForce NOW members, and ...

January 12, 2022
World Record-Setting DNA Sequencing Technique Helps Clinicians Rapidly Diagnose Critical Care Patients
Cutting down the time needed to sequence and analyze a patient’s whole genome from days to hours isn’t just about clinical efficiency — it can save lives. By accelerating every step of this process — from collecting a blood sample to sequencing the ...

January 12, 2022
Elevated Entertainment: SHIELD Experience 9.0 Upgrade Rolling Out Now
SHIELD Software Experience Upgrade 9.0 is rolling out to all NVIDIA SHIELD TVs, delivering the Android 11 operating system and more. An updated Gboard — the Google Keyboard — allows people to use their voices and the Google Assistant to discover ...

January 11, 2022
NVIDIA Named America’s Best Place to Work on Latest Glassdoor List
NVIDIA is America’s best place to work, according to Glassdoor’s just-issued list of best employers for 2022. Amid a global pandemic that has affected every workplace, NVIDIA was ranked No. 1 on Glassdoor’s 14th annual Best Places to Work list for ...

January 10, 2022
Leading HPC Software Company Bright Computing Joins NVIDIA
Bright Computing, a leader in software for managing high performance computing systems used by more than 700 organizations worldwide, is now part of NVIDIA. Companies in healthcare, financial services, manufacturing and other markets use its tool to ...

January 26, 2022
Hatch Me If You Can: Startup’s Sorting Machines Use AI to Protect Healthy Fish Eggs
Fisheries collect millions upon millions of fish eggs, protecting them from predators to increase fish yield and support the propagation of endangered species — but an issue with gathering so many eggs at once is that those infected with parasites ...

January 26, 2022
UK Biobank Advances Genomics Research with NVIDIA Clara Parabricks
UK Biobank is broadening scientists’ access to high-quality genomic data and analysis by making its massive dataset available in the cloud alongside NVIDIA GPU-accelerated analysis tools. Used by more than 25,000 registered researchers around the ...

January 25, 2022
Animator Lets 3D Characters Get Their Groove on With NVIDIA Omniverse and Reallusion
Benjamin Sokomba Dazhi, aka Benny Dee, has learned the ins and outs of the entertainment industry from many angles — first as a rapper, then as a music video director and now as a full-time animator. The post Animator Lets 3D Characters Get Their ...

January 25, 2022
Vulkan Fan? Six Reasons to Run It on NVIDIA
Many different platforms, same great performance. That’s why Vulkan is a very big deal. With the release Tuesday of Vulkan 1.3, NVIDIA continues its unparalleled record of day one driver support for this cross-platform GPU application programming ...

January 24, 2022
Meta Works with NVIDIA to Build Massive AI Research Supercomputer
Meta Platforms gave a big thumbs up to NVIDIA, choosing our technologies for what it believes will be its most powerful research system to date. The AI Research SuperCluster (RSC), announced today, is already training new models to advance AI. Once ...

January 24, 2022
How the Intelligent Supply Chain Broke and AI Is Fixing It
Let’s face it, the global supply chain may not be the most scintillating subject matter. Yet in homes and businesses around the world, it’s quickly become the topic du jour: empty shelves; record price increases; clogged ports and sick truckers ...

January 20, 2022
NVIDIA GPUs Enable Simulation of a Living Cell
Every living cell contains its own bustling microcosm, with thousands of components responsible for energy production, protein building, gene transcription and more. Scientists at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign have built a 3D ...

January 20, 2022
GFN Thursday: ‘Tom Clancy’s Rainbow Six Extraction’ Charges Into GeForce NOW
Hello, Operator. This GFN Thursday brings the launch of Tom Clancy’s Rainbow Six Extraction to GeForce NOW. Plus, four new games are joining the GeForce NOW library to let you start your weekend off right. Your New Mission, Should You Choose to ...

January 20, 2022
Van, Go: Pony.ai Unveils Next-Gen Robotaxi Fleet Built on NVIDIA DRIVE Orin
Robotaxis are on their way to delivering safer transportation, driving across various landscapes and through starry nights. This week, Silicon Valley-based self-driving startup Pony.ai announced its next-generation autonomous computing platform, ...

January 19, 2022
New NVIDIA AI Enterprise Release Lights Up Data Centers
With a new year underway, NVIDIA is helping enterprises worldwide add modern workloads to their mainstream servers using the latest release of the NVIDIA AI Enterprise software suite. NVIDIA AI Enterprise 1.1 is now generally available. Optimized, ...

February 03, 2022
2 Powerful 2 Be Stopped: ‘Dying Light 2 Stay Human’ Arrives on GeForce NOW’s Second Anniversary
Great things come in twos. Techland’s Dying Light 2 Stay Human arrives with RTX ON and is streaming from the cloud tomorrow, Feb. 4. Plus, in celebration of the second anniversary of GeForce NOW, February is packed full of membership rewards in ...

February 03, 2022
Rain or Shine: Radar Vision Sees Through Clouds to Support Emergency Flood Relief
Flooding usually comes with various bad weather conditions, such as thick clouds, heavy rain and blustering winds. GPU-powered data science systems can now help researchers and emergency flood response teams to see through it all. John Murray, ...

February 02, 2022
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for Fourth-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of Call
NVIDIA will host a conference call on Wednesday, February 16, at 2:30 p.m. PT (5:30 p.m. ET) to discuss its financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2022, which ended January 30, 2022.

February 02, 2022
How Audio Analytic Is Teaching Machines to Listen
From active noise cancellation to digital assistants that are always listening for your commands, audio is perhaps one of the most important but often overlooked aspects of modern technology in our daily lives. Audio Analytic has been using machine ...

February 01, 2022
Support for New NVIDIA RTX 3080 Ti, 3070 Ti Studio Laptops Now Available in February Studio Driver
Support for the new GeForce RTX 3080 Ti and 3070 Ti Laptop GPUs is available today in the February Studio driver. Updated monthly, NVIDIA Studio drivers support NVIDIA tools and optimize the most popular creative apps, delivering added performance, ...

January 31, 2022
Renovations to Stream About: Taiwan Studio Showcases Architectural Designs Using Extended Reality
Interior renovations have never looked this good. TCImage, a studio based in Taipei, is showcasing compelling landscape and architecture designs by creating realistic 3D graphics and presenting them in virtual, augmented, and mixed reality — ...

January 31, 2022
Train Spotting: Startup Gets on Track With AI and NVIDIA Jetson to Ensure Safety, Cost Savings for Railways
Preventable train accidents like the 1985 disaster outside Tel Aviv in which a train collided with a school bus, killing 19 students and several adults, motivated Shahar Hania and Elen Katz to help save lives with technology. They founded Rail ...

January 28, 2022
How Smart Hospital Technology Can Help Cut Down on Medical Errors
Despite the feats of modern medicine, as many as 250,000 Americans die from medical errors each year — more than 6 times the number killed in car accidents. Smart hospital AI can help avoid some of these fatalities in healthcare, just as computer ...

January 27, 2022
Nearly 80 Percent of Financial Firms Use AI to Improve Services, Reduce Fraud
From the largest firms trading on Wall Street to banks providing customers with fraud protection to fintechs recommending best-fit products to consumers, AI is driving innovation across the financial services industry. New research from NVIDIA found ...

January 27, 2022
Let Me Upgrade You: GeForce NOW Adds Resolution Upscaling and More This GFN Thursday
GeForce NOW is taking cloud gaming to new heights. This GFN Thursday delivers an upgraded streaming experience as part of an update that is now available to all members. It includes new resolution upscaling options to make members’ gaming ...

February 16, 2022
Jaguar Land Rover Announces Partnership With NVIDIA
Jaguar Land Rover has formed a multi-year strategic partnership with NVIDIA, the leader in artificial intelligence (AI) and computing, to jointly develop and deliver next-generation automated driving systems plus AI-enabled services and experiences ...

February 16, 2022
Atos Previews Energy-Efficient, AI-Augmented Hybrid Supercomputer
Stepping deeper into the era of exascale AI, Atos gave the first look at its next-generation high-performance computer. The BullSequana XH3000 combines Atos’ patented fourth-generation liquid-cooled HPC design with NVIDIA technologies to deliver ...

February 15, 2022
Peak Performance: Production Studio Sets the Stage for Virtual Opening Ceremony at European Football Championship
At the latest UEFA Champions League Finals, one of the world’s most anticipated annual soccer events, pop stars Marshmello, Khalid and Selena Gomez shared the stage for a dazzling opening ceremony at Portugal’s third-largest football stadium — ...

February 14, 2022
New Levels Unlocked: Africa’s Game Developers Reach Toward the Next Generation
Looking for a challenge? Try maneuvering a Kenyan minibus through traffic or dropping seed balls on deforested landscapes. Or download Africa’s Legends and battle through fiendishly difficult puzzles with Ghana’s Ananse or Nigeria’s Oya by your ...

February 14, 2022
NVIDIA GTC 2022 to Feature Keynote From CEO Jensen Huang, New Products, 900+ Sessions From Industry and AI Leaders
Top Technologists from Deloitte, Epic Games, Mercedes-Benz, Microsoft, Pfizer, Sony, Visa, Walt Disney, Zoom and More to Present

February 10, 2022
Play PC Games on Your Phone With GeForce NOW This GFN Thursday
Who says you have to put your play on pause just because you’re not at your PC? This GFN Thursday takes a look at how GeForce NOW makes PC gaming possible on Android and iOS mobile devices to support gamers on the go. This week also comes with sweet ...

February 09, 2022
Startup Taps Finance Micromodels for Data Annotation Automation
After meeting at an entrepreneur matchmaking event, Ulrik Hansen and Eric Landau teamed up to parlay their experience in financial trading systems into a platform for faster data labeling. In 2020, the pair of finance industry veterans founded ...

February 08, 2022
Burgers, Fries and a Side of AI: Startup Offers Taste of Drive-Thru Convenience
Eating into open hours and menus, a labor shortage has gobbled up fast-food services employees, but some restaurants are trying out a new staff member to bring back the drive-thru good times: AI. Toronto startup HuEx is in pilot tests with a ...

February 08, 2022
Meet the Omnivore: Developer Sleighs Complex Manufacturing Workflows With Digital Twin of Santa’s Workshop
Don’t be fooled by the candy canes, hot cocoa and CEO’s jolly demeanor. Santa’s workshop is the very model of a 21st-century enterprise: pioneering mass customization and perfecting a worldwide distribution system able to meet almost bottomless ...

February 07, 2022
NVIDIA and SoftBank Group Announce Termination of NVIDIA’s Acquisition of Arm Limited
SoftBank to Explore Arm Public Offering
NVIDIA and SoftBank Group Corp. (SBG) today announced the termination of the previously announced transaction whereby NVIDIA would acquire Arm Limited from SBG.


February 22, 2022
Talking the Talk: Retailer Uses Conversational AI to Help Call Center Agents Increase Customer Satisfaction
With more than 11,000 stores across Thailand serving millions of customers, CP All, the country’s sole licensed operator of 7-Eleven convenience stores, recently turned to AI to dial up its call centers’ service capabilities. Built on the NVIDIA ...

February 22, 2022
How to Make the Most of GeForce NOW RTX 3080 Cloud Gaming Memberships
This is, without a doubt, the best time to jump into cloud gaming. GeForce NOW RTX 3080 memberships deliver up to 1440p resolution at 120 frames per second on PC, 1600p and 120 FPS on Mac, and 4K HDR at 60 FPS on NVIDIA SHIELD TV, with ultra-low ...

February 18, 2022
Guinness World Record Awarded for Fastest DNA Sequencing — Just 5 Hours
Guinness World Records this week presented a Stanford University-led research team with the first record for fastest DNA sequencing technique — a benchmark set using a workflow sped up by AI and accelerated computing. Achieved in five hours and two ...

February 18, 2022
Take the Future for a Spin at GTC 2022
Don’t miss the chance to experience the breakthroughs that are driving the future of autonomy. NVIDIA GTC will bring together the leaders, researchers and developers who are ushering in the era of autonomous vehicles. The virtual conference, running ...

February 17, 2022
Bringing Novel Idea to Life, NVIDIA Artists Create Retro Writer’s Room in Omniverse With ‘The Storyteller’
Real-time rendering and photorealistic graphics used to be tall tales, but NVIDIA Omniverse has made them fact from fiction. NVIDIA’s own artists are writing new chapters in Omniverse, an accelerated 3D design platform that connects and enhances 3D ...

February 17, 2022
What Is Edge AI and How Does It Work?
Recent strides in the efficacy of AI, the adoption of IoT devices and the power of edge computing have come together to unlock the power of edge AI. This has opened new opportunities for edge AI that were previously unimaginable — from helping ...

February 17, 2022
Performance You Can Feel: Putting GeForce NOW RTX 3080 Membership’s Ultra-Low Latency to the Test This GFN Thursday
GeForce NOW’s RTX 3080 membership is the next generation of cloud gaming. This GFN Thursday looks at one of the tier’s major benefits: ultra-low-latency streaming from the cloud. This week also brings a new app update that lets members log in via ...

February 16, 2022
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2022
NVIDIA today reported record revenue for the fourth quarter ended January 30, 2022, of $7.64 billion, up 53 percent from a year ago and up 8 percent from the previous quarter. Gaming, Data Center and Professional Visualization market platforms each ...

February 16, 2022
Reimagining Modern Luxury: NVIDIA Announces Partnership with Jaguar Land Rover
Jaguar Land Rover and NVIDIA are redefining modern luxury, infusing intelligence into the customer experience. As part of its Reimagine strategy, Jaguar Land Rover announced today that it will develop its upcoming vehicles on the full-stack NVIDIA ...

February 16, 2022
The Greatest Podcast Ever Recorded
Is this the best podcast ever recorded? Let’s just say you don’t need a GPU to know that’s a stretch. But it’s pretty great if you’re a fan of tall tales. And better still if you’re not a fan of stretching the truth at all. That’s because detecting ...

March 10, 2022
Light Me Up: Innovators Redefine Energy Meters for a More Efficient Grid
Say hello to tomorrow’s smart electric meter, literally. You can ask some next-generation home energy hubs questions, just like you do Alexa or Siri. Some devices, arriving this year, will display real-time simulations — vibrant as a video game — to ...

March 10, 2022
GeForce NOW RTX 3080 One-Month Memberships Now Available
The GeForce NOW RTX 3080 membership gives gamers unrivaled performance from the cloud – with latency so low that it feels just like playing on a local PC. Today, gamers can experience RTX 3080-class streaming at only $19.99 a month, thanks to ...

March 08, 2022
NVIDIA Announces Investor Day for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present the following virtual event for the financial community: NVIDIA Investor Day Tuesday, March 22, 2022, at 10 a.m. ...

March 07, 2022
Storage Specialist Excelero Joins NVIDIA
Excelero, a Tel Aviv-based provider of high-performance software-defined storage, is now a part of NVIDIA. The company’s team of engineers — including its seasoned co-founders with decades of experience in HPC, storage and networking — bring deep ...

March 03, 2022
GFN Thursday Marches Forward With 21 Games Coming to GeForce NOW This Month
A new month means a whole new set of games coming to GeForce NOW. Members can look forward to 21 titles joining the GeForce NOW library in March, including day-and-date releases like Shadow Warrior 3, with support for NVIDIA DLSS. Bring a Katana to ...

March 02, 2022
Beyond Be-leaf: Immersive 3D Experience Transports Audiences to Natural Worlds With Augmented Reality
Imagine walking through the bustling streets of London’s Piccadilly Circus, when suddenly you’re in a tropical rainforest, surrounded by vibrant flowers and dancing butterflies. That’s what audiences will see in the virtual world of The Green Planet ...

March 02, 2022
Podsplainer: What's a Recommender System? NVIDIA’s Even Oldridge Breaks It Down
The very thing that makes the internet so useful to so many people — the vast quantity of information that’s out there — can also make going online frustrating. There’s so much available that the sheer volume of choices can be overwhelming. That’s ...

March 01, 2022
What Is GauGAN? How AI Turns Your Words and Pictures Into Stunning Art
GauGAN, an AI demo for photorealistic image generation, allows anyone to create stunning landscapes using generative adversarial networks. Named after post-Impressionist painter Paul Gauguin, it was created by NVIDIA Research and can be experienced ...

February 23, 2022
Meet the Omnivore: 3D Creator Makes Fine Art for Digital Era Inspired by Silk Road Masterpieces
Within the Mogao Caves, a cultural crossroads along what was the Silk Road in northwestern China, lies a natural reserve of tens of thousands of historical documents, paintings and statues of the Buddha. The post Meet the Omnivore: 3D Creator Makes ...

February 22, 2022
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Event for Financial Community
SANTA CLARA, Calif., Feb. 22, 2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA will present at the following event for the financial community: Morgan Stanley Technology, Media & Telecom ConferenceMonday, ...

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA Announces DGX H100 Systems – World’s Most Advanced Enterprise AI Infrastructure
Combined With New NVLink Switch System, Each DGX SuperPOD to Deliver 1 Exaflops of AI Performance; New NVIDIA Eos Supercomputer Expected to Be World's Fastest AI System; Immediate On-Ramp for Customers via Expanded DGX Foundry Service
NVIDIA today announced the fourth-generation NVIDIA® DGX™ system, the world’s first AI platform to be built with new NVIDIA H100 Tensor Core GPUs.

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA Hopper GPU Architecture Accelerates Dynamic Programming Up to 40x Using New DPX Instructions
The NVIDIA Hopper GPU architecture unveiled today at GTC will accelerate dynamic programming — a problem-solving technique used in algorithms for genomics, quantum computing, route optimization and more — by up to 40x with new DPX instructions. An ...

March 22, 2022
H100 Transformer Engine Supercharges AI Training, Delivering Up to 6x Higher Performance Without Losing Accuracy
The largest AI models can require months to train on today’s computing platforms. That’s too slow for businesses. AI, high performance computing and data analytics are growing in complexity with some models, like large language ones, reaching ...

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA Announces Hopper Architecture, the Next Generation of Accelerated Computing
The New Engine for World's AI Infrastructure, NVIDIA H100 GPU Makes Order of Magnitude Performance Leap
To power the next wave of AI data centers, NVIDIA today announced its next-generation accelerated computing platform with NVIDIA Hopper architecture, delivering an order of magnitude performance leap over its predecessor.

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA Maxine Reinvents Real-Time Communication With AI
Everyone wants to be heard. And with more people than ever in video calls or live streaming from their home offices, rich audio free from echo hiccups and background noises like barking dogs is key to better sounding online experiences. NVIDIA ...

March 22, 2022
Getting People Talking: Microsoft Improves AI Quality and Efficiency of Translator Using NVIDIA Triton
When your software can evoke tears of joy, you spread the cheer. So, Translator, a Microsoft Azure Cognitive Service, is applying some of the world’s largest AI models to help more people communicate. “There are so many cool stories,” said Vishal ...

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA AI Delivers Major Advances in Speech, Recommender System and Hyperscale Inference
Amazon, Microsoft, Snap, NTT Communications Deploy NVIDIA AI; NVIDIA Riva and Merlin Enter General Availability; NVIDIA AI Enterprise 2.0 Supports All Major Data Center and Cloud Platforms; NVIDIA AI Accelerated Program Launches
NVIDIA today announced major updates to its NVIDIA AI platform, a suite of software for advancing such workloads as speech, recommender system, hyperscale inference and more, which has been adopted by global industry leaders such as Amazon, ...

March 18, 2022
Hopped Up: NVIDIA CEO, AI Leaders to Discuss Next Wave of AI at GTC
NVIDIA’s GTC conference is packed with smart people and programming. The virtual gathering — which takes place from March 21-24 — sits at the intersection of some of the fastest-moving technologies of our time. It features a lineup of speakers from ...

March 17, 2022
Everyone’s a PC Gamer This GFN Thursday
It’s never been easier to be a PC gamer. GeForce NOW is your gateway into PC gaming. With the power of NVIDIA GeForce GPUs in the cloud, any gamer can stream titles from the top digital games stores — even on low-powered hardware. Evolve to the PC ...

March 10, 2022
At the Movies: For 14th Year Running, NVIDIA Technologies Power All VFX Oscar Nominees
For the 14th consecutive year, each Academy Award nominee for the Best Visual Effects used NVIDIA technologies. The 94th annual Academy Awards ceremony, taking place Sunday, March 27, has five nominees in the running: Dune Free Guy No Time to Die ...

March 22, 2022
Introducing NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion 9: Next-Generation Platform for Software-Defined Autonomous Vehicle Fleets
NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion is taking software-defined vehicle architectures to the next level. At his GTC keynote, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang announced DRIVE Hyperion 9, the next generation of the open platform for automated and autonomous ...

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA Announces Spectrum High-Performance Data Center Networking Infrastructure Platform
End-to-End 400G Hyperscale Networking Platform Delivers 4x Acceleration With Breakthrough Spectrum-4 Switch, BlueField-3 DPU and ConnectX-7 SmartNIC
NVIDIA today announced NVIDIA Spectrum™-4, the next generation of its Ethernet platform which enables the extreme networking performance and robust security needed for data center infrastructure at scale.

March 22, 2022
Siemens Gamesa Taps NVIDIA Digital Twin Platform for Scientific Computing to Accelerate Clean Energy Transition
Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy is working with NVIDIA to create physics-informed digital twins of wind farms — groups of wind turbines used to produce electricity. The company has thousands of turbines around the globe that light up schools, homes, ...

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA Launches Data-Center-Scale Omniverse Computing System for Industrial Digital Twins
NVIDIA OVX Purpose-Built to Simulate Massively Complex Applications Across Robotics, AI, Industrial Automation and More
NVIDIA today announced NVIDIA® OVX™, a computing system designed to power large-scale digital twins.

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA Announces Digital Twin Platform for Scientific Computing
NVIDIA Modulus With Physics-Informed AI Combined With Omniverse Bring Million-X Scale Advances to Modeling Physical Phenomena for NVIDIA’s Earth-2 and Siemens Gamesa's Wind Farms
NVIDIA today announced a platform for scientific digital twins that accelerates physics machine-learning models to solve million-x scale science and engineering problems thousands of times faster than previously possible.

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA Unveils Onramp to Hybrid Quantum Computing
We’re working with leaders in quantum computing to build the tools developers will need to program tomorrow’s ultrahigh performance systems. Today’s high-performance computers are simulating quantum computing jobs at scale and with performance far ...

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA Introduces 60+ Updates to CUDA-X Libraries, Opening New Science and Industries to Accelerated Computing
New Capabilities Accelerate Work in Quantum Computing and 6G Research, Logistics Optimization Research, Robotics, Cybersecurity, Genomics and Drug Discovery, Data Analytics and More
NVIDIA today unveiled more than 60 updates to its CUDA-X™ collection of libraries, tools and technologies across a broad range of disciplines, which dramatically improve performance of the CUDA® software computing platform.

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA Opens NVLink for Custom Silicon Integration
Ultra Energy-Efficient Die-to-Die and Chip-to-Chip Link for NVIDIA GPUs, DPUs and CPUs Opens New World for Custom Chips and Systems
Enabling a new generation of system-level integration in data centers, NVIDIA today announced NVIDIA® NVLink®-C2C, an ultra-fast chip-to-chip and die-to-die interconnect that will allow custom dies to coherently interconnect to the company’s GPUs, ...

March 22, 2022
Speed Dialer: How AT&T Rings Up New Opportunities With Data Science
AT The post Speed Dialer: How AT&T Rings Up New Opportunities With Data Science appeared first on NVIDIA Blog.

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA Introduces Grace CPU Superchip
144 High-Performance Cores and 1 Terabyte/Second Memory; Doubles Performance and Energy-Efficiency of Server Chips
NVIDIA today announced its first Arm® Neoverse™-based discrete data center CPU designed for AI infrastructure and high performance computing, providing the highest performance and twice the memory bandwidth and energy-efficiency compared to today’s ...

March 22, 2022
Kroger and NVIDIA to Reinvent the Shopping Experience Through State-of-the-Art, AI-Enabled Applications and Services
Strategic Collaboration to Advance Key Kroger Freshness Initiatives From Farm to Plate
The Kroger Co. (NYSE: KR) and NVIDIA today announced a strategic collaboration to reimagine the shopping experience using AI-enabled applications and services.

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA Omniverse Ecosystem Expands 10x, Amid New Features and Services for Developers, Enterprises and Creators
When it comes to creating and connecting virtual worlds, over 150,000 individuals have downloaded NVIDIA Omniverse to make huge leaps in transforming 3D design workflows and achieve new heights of real-time, physically accurate simulations. At GTC, ...

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA Announces Omniverse Cloud to Connect Tens of Millions of Designers and Creators
New Suite of Cloud Services Connects Designers and Creators on GeForce NOW to Collaborate in Omniverse
NVIDIA today announced Omniverse Cloud, a suite of cloud services that gives artists, creators, designers and developers instant access to the NVIDIA Omniverse™ platform for 3D design collaboration and simulation from up to billions of devices.

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA Unveils Isaac Nova Orin to Accelerate Development of Autonomous Mobile Robots
Next time socks, cereal or sandpaper shows up in hours delivered to your doorstep, consider the behind-the-scenes logistics acrobatics that help get them there so fast. Order fulfillment is a massive industry of moving parts. Heavily supported by ...

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA Announces Availability of Jetson AGX Orin Developer Kit to Advance Robotics and Edge AI
One Million Developers Now Deploying on Jetson; Microsoft Azure, John Deere, Medtronic, Amazon Web Services, Cisco, Hyundai Robotics, JD.com, Komatsu, Meituan Among Leading Adopters
NVIDIA today announced the availability of the NVIDIA® Jetson AGX Orin™ developer kit, the world’s most powerful, compact and energy-efficient AI supercomputer for advanced robotics, autonomous machines, and next-generation embedded and edge ...

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA Launches AI Computing Platform for Medical Devices and Computational Sensing Systems
Clara Holoscan MGX Medical-Grade Platform With NVIDIA Orin and NVIDIA AI Software Stack Powers Systems Built by Embedded-Computing Leaders
NVIDIA today introduced Clara Holoscan MGX™, a platform for the medical device industry to develop and deploy real-time AI applications at the edge, specifically designed to meet required regulatory standards.

March 22, 2022
Driving on Air: Lucid Group Builds Intelligent EVs on NVIDIA DRIVE
Lucid Group may be a newcomer to the electric vehicle market, but its entrance has been grand. The electric automaker announced at GTC that its current and future fleets are built on NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion for programmable, intelligent capabilities. ...

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA DRIVE Continues Industry Momentum With $11 Billion Pipeline as DRIVE Orin Enters Production
NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion and DRIVE Orin are gaining ground in the industry. At NVIDIA GTC, BYD, the world’s second-largest electric vehicle maker, announced it is building its next-generation fleets on the DRIVE Hyperion architecture. This platform, ...

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA Enters Production With DRIVE Orin, Announces BYD and Lucid Group as New EV Customers, Unveils Next-Gen DRIVE Hyperion AV Platform
Momentum Accelerates as Trailblazing OEMs Adopt NVIDIA’s Programmable AI Compute Platform
NVIDIA today announced the start of production of its NVIDIA DRIVE Orin™ autonomous vehicle computer, showcased new automakers adopting the NVIDIA DRIVE™ platform, and unveiled the next generation of its NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion™ architecture.

March 22, 2022
Announcing NVIDIA DRIVE Map: Scalable, Multi-Modal Mapping Engine Accelerates Deployment of Level 3 and Level 4 Autonomy
With a detailed knowledge of the world and everything in it, maps provide the foresight AI uses to make advanced and safe driving decisions. At his GTC keynote, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang introduced NVIDIA DRIVE Map, a multimodal mapping ...

March 23, 2022
What Is Path Tracing?
Turn on your TV. Fire up your favorite streaming service. Grab a Coke. A demo of the most important visual technology of our time is as close as your living room couch. Propelled by an explosion in computing power over the past decade and a half, ...

March 23, 2022
NVIDIA Showcases Novel AI Tools in DRIVE Sim to Advance Autonomous Vehicle Development
Autonomous vehicle development and validation require the ability to replicate real-world scenarios in simulation. At GTC, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang showcased new AI-based tools for NVIDIA DRIVE Sim that accurately reconstruct and modify ...

March 23, 2022
NVIDIA Inception Introduces New and Updated Benefits for Startup Members to Accelerate Computing
This week at GTC, we’re celebrating – celebrating the amazing and impactful work that developers and startups are doing around the world. Nowhere is that more apparent than among the members of our global NVIDIA Inception program, designed to ...

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA Omniverse Upgrade Delivers Extraordinary Benefits to 3D Content Creators
At GTC, NVIDIA announced significant updates for millions of creators using the NVIDIA Omniverse real-time 3D design collaboration platform. The announcements kicked off with updates to the Omniverse apps Create, Machinima and Showroom, with an ...

March 22, 2022
At GTC: NVIDIA RTX Professional Laptop GPUs Debut, New NVIDIA Studio Laptops, a Massive Omniverse Upgrade and NVIDIA Canvas Update
Digital artists and creative professionals have plenty to be excited about at NVIDIA GTC. Impressive NVIDIA Studio laptop offerings from ASUS and MSI launch with upgraded RTX GPUs, providing more options for professional content creators to elevate ...

March 22, 2022
NVIDIA Launches Omniverse for Developers: A Powerful and Collaborative Game Creation Environment
NVIDIA Omniverse Speeds Development by Providing Real-Time, Cooperative Design Platform for In-Game Art and Virtual Worlds
Enriching its game developer ecosystem, NVIDIA today announced the launch of new NVIDIA Omniverse™ features that make it easier for developers to share assets, sort asset libraries, collaborate and deploy AI to animate characters’ facial expressions ...

March 22, 2022
Turning Data Centers into ‘AI Factories’: NVIDIA CEO Introduces Hopper Architecture, H100 GPU, New Supercomputers and Software
Promising to transform trillion-dollar industries and address the “grand challenges” of our time, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang Tuesday shared a vision of an era where intelligence is created on an industrial scale and woven into real and ...

March 22, 2022
New NVIDIA RTX GPUs Tackle Demanding Professional Workflows and Hybrid Work, Enabling Creation From Anywhere
Remote work and hybrid workplaces are the new normal for professionals in many industries. Teams spread throughout the world are expected to create and collaborate while maintaining top productivity and performance. Businesses use the NVIDIA RTX ...

March 22, 2022
First Wave of Startups Harnesses UK’s Most Powerful Supercomputer to Power Digital Biology Breakthroughs
Four NVIDIA Inception members have been selected as the first cohort of startups to access Cambridge-1, the U.K.’s most powerful supercomputer. The system will help British companies Alchemab Therapeutics, InstaDeep, Peptone and Relation ...

March 22, 2022
Unlimited Data, Unlimited Possibilities: UF Health and NVIDIA Build World's Largest Clinical Language Generator
The University of Florida’s academic health center, UF Health, has teamed up with NVIDIA to develop a neural network that generates synthetic clinical data — a powerful resource that researchers can use to train other AI models in healthcare. ...

April 05, 2022
Green Teams Achieve the Dream: NVIDIA Announces NPN Americas Partners of the Year
A dozen companies today received NVIDIA’s highest award for partners, recognizing their impact on AI education and adoption across such industries as education, federal, healthcare and technology. The winners of the 2021 NPN Americas Partner of the ...

April 04, 2022
Meet the Omnivore: Videographer Makes Digital Walls, Virtual Homes Pop With NVIDIA Omniverse
Pekka Varis’s artistry has come a long way from his early days as a self-styled “punk activist” who spray painted during the “old school days of hip hop in Finland.” The post Meet the Omnivore: Videographer Makes Digital Walls, Virtual Homes Pop ...

March 31, 2022
An A-peel-ing GFN Thursday Sprouts 20+ New Games Coming to GeForce NOW in April
In addition to GFN Thursday, it’s National Tater Day. Hooray! To honor the spud-tacular holiday, we’re closing out March with seven new games streaming this week. And a loaded 20+ titles are coming to the GeForce NOW library in April to play — even ...

March 30, 2022
Polestar’s Dennis Nobelius on the Sustainable Performance Brand’s Plans
Four words: smart, sustainable, Super Bowl. Polestar’s commercial during the big game made it clear no-compromise electric vehicles are now mainstream. Polestar Chief Operating Officer Dennis Nobelius sees driving enjoyment and autonomous-driving ...

March 29, 2022
Latest ‘I AM AI’ Video Features Four-Legged Robots, Smart Cell Analysis, Tumor-Tracking Tech and More
“I am a visionary,” says an AI, kicking off the latest installment of NVIDIA’s I AM AI video series. Launched in 2017, I AM AI has become the iconic opening for GTC keynote addresses by NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang. Each video, with its ...

March 29, 2022
Teens Develop Handwriting-Recognition AI for Detecting Parkinson’s Disease
When Tanish Tyagi published his first research paper a year ago on deep learning to detect dementia, it started a family-driven pursuit. Great-grandparents in his family had suffered from Parkinson’s, a genetic disease that affects more than 10 ...

March 25, 2022
What Is a Transformer Model?
If you want to ride the next big wave in AI, grab a transformer. They’re not the shape-shifting toy robots on TV or the trash-can-sized tubs on telephone poles. So, What’s a Transformer Model? A transformer model is a neural network that learns ...

March 25, 2022
NVIDIA Research Turns 2D Photos Into 3D Scenes in the Blink of an AI
When the first instant photo was taken 75 years ago with a Polaroid camera, it was groundbreaking to rapidly capture the 3D world in a realistic 2D image. Today, AI researchers are working on the opposite: turning a collection of still images into a ...

March 24, 2022
Take Control This GFN Thursday With New Stratus+ Controller From SteelSeries
GeForce NOW gives you the power to game almost anywhere, at GeForce quality. And with the latest controller from SteelSeries, members can stay in control of the action on Android and Chromebook devices. This GFN Thursday takes a look at the ...

March 24, 2022
Orchestrated to Perfection: NVIDIA Data Center Grooves to Tune of Millionfold Speedups
The hum of a bustling data center is music to an AI developer’s ears — and NVIDIA data centers have found a rhythm of their own, grooving to the swing classic “Sing, Sing, Sing” in this week’s GTC keynote address. The lighthearted video, created ...

April 19, 2022
Welcome ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’: A Weekly Celebration of Extraordinary Artists, Their Inspiring Art and Innovative Techniques
Creating content is no longer tethered to using paint and stone as mediums, nor being in massive studios. Visual art can now be created anywhere, anytime. But being creative is still challenging and time-consuming. NVIDIA is making artistic ...

April 15, 2022
Startup Transforms Meeting Notes With Time-Saving Features
Gil Makleff and Artem Koren are developing AI for meeting transcripts, creating time-savers like shareable highlights of the text that is often TL;DR (too long; didn’t read). The Sembly founders conceived the idea after years of working in ...

April 15, 2022
A Night to Behold: Researchers Use Deep Learning to Bring Color to Night Vision
Talk about a bright idea. A team of scientists has used GPU-accelerated deep learning to show how color can be brought to night-vision systems. In a paper published this week in the journal PLOS One, a team of researchers at the University of ...

April 14, 2022
GFN Thursday Gears Up With More Electronic Arts Games on GeForce NOW
This GFN Thursday delivers more gr-EA-t games as two new titles from Electronic Arts join the GeForce NOW library. Gamers can now enjoy Need for Speed HEAT and Plants vs. Zombies Garden Warfare 2 streaming from GeForce NOW to underpowered PCs, Macs, ...

April 13, 2022
MLCommons’ David Kanter, NVIDIA’s David Galvez on Improving AI with Publicly Accessible Datasets
In deep learning and machine learning, having a large enough dataset is key to training a system and getting it to produce results. So what does a ML researcher do when there just isn’t enough publicly accessible data? Enter the MLCommons ...

April 08, 2022
Rock On: Scientists Use AI to Improve Sequestering Carbon Underground
A team of scientists have created a new AI-based tool to help lock up greenhouse gases like CO2 in porous rock formations faster and more precisely than ever before. Carbon capture technology, also referred to as carbon sequestration, is a climate ...

April 07, 2022
Try This Out: GFN Thursday Delivers Instant-Play Game Demos on GeForce NOW
GeForce NOW is about bringing new experiences to gamers. This GFN Thursday introduces game demos to GeForce NOW. Members can now try out some of the hit games streaming on the service before purchasing the full PC version — including some finalists ...

April 06, 2022
Fast and Luxurious: The Intelligent NIO ET7 EV Built on NVIDIA DRIVE Orin Arrives
Meet the electric vehicle that’s quick-witted and fully outfitted. Last week, NIO began deliveries of its highly anticipated ET7 fully electric vehicle, in Hefei, China. The full-size luxury sedan is the first production vehicle built on the NIO ...

April 06, 2022
NVIDIA Orin Leaps Ahead in Edge AI, Boosting Leadership in MLPerf Tests
In its debut in the industry MLPerf benchmarks, NVIDIA Orin, a low-power system-on-chip based on the NVIDIA Ampere architecture, set new records in AI inference, raising the bar in per-accelerator performance at the edge. Overall, NVIDIA with its ...

April 05, 2022
Unreal Engine and NVIDIA: From One Generation to the Next
Square/Enix presents the fictional city of Midgar in Final Fantasy VII Remake at a filmic level of detail. Epic’s Fortnite bathes its environments in ray-traced sunlight, simulating how light bounces in the real world. And artists at Lucasfilm ...

April 28, 2022
How DNEG Helped Win Another Visual-Effects Oscar by Bringing ‘Dune’ to Life With NVIDIA RTX
Featuring stunning visuals from futuristic interstellar worlds, including colossal sand creatures, Dune captivated audiences around the world. The sci-fi film picked up six Oscars last month at the 94th Academy Awards, including for Best Sound and ...

April 28, 2022
Your Odyssey Awaits: Stream ‘Lost Ark’ to Nearly Any Device This GFN Thursday
It’s a jam-packed GFN Thursday. This week brings the popular, free-to-play, action role-playing game Lost Ark to gamers across nearly all their devices, streaming on GeForce NOW. And that’s not all. GFN Thursday also delivers an upgraded experience ...

April 27, 2022
Answers Blowin’ in the Wind: HPC Code Gives Renewable Energy a Lift
A hundred and forty turbines in the North Sea — and some GPUs in the cloud — pumped wind under the wings of David Standingford and Jamil Appa’s dream. As colleagues at a British aerospace firm, they shared a vision of starting a company to apply ...

April 27, 2022
What Is Conversational AI? ZeroShot Bot CEO Jason Mars Explains
Entrepreneur Jason Mars calls conversation our “first technology.” Before humans invented the wheel, crafted a spear or tamed fire, we mastered the superpower of talking to one another. That makes conversation an incredibly important tool. But if ...

April 26, 2022
In the NVIDIA Studio: April Driver Launches Alongside New NVIDIA Studio Laptops and Featured 3D Artist
This week In the NVIDIA Studio, we’re launching the April NVIDIA Studio Driver with optimizations for the most popular 3D apps, including Unreal Engine 5, Cinema4D and Chaos Vantage. The driver also supports new NVIDIA Omniverse Connectors from ...

April 25, 2022
Let Me Shoyu How It’s Done: Creating the NVIDIA Omniverse Ramen Shop
When brainstorming a scene to best showcase the groundbreaking capabilities of the Omniverse platform, some NVIDIA artists turned to a cherished memory: enjoying ramen together in a mom-and-pop shop down a side street in Tokyo. Simmering pots of ...

April 25, 2022
Stellar Weather: Researchers Describe the Skies of Exoplanets
A paper released today describes in the greatest detail to date the atmospheres on distant planets. Seeking the origins of what’s in and beyond the Milky Way, researchers surveyed 25 exoplanets, bodies that orbit stars far beyond our solar system. ...

April 22, 2022
By Land, Sea and Space: How 5 Startups Are Using AI to Help Save the Planet
Different parts of the globe are experiencing distinct climate challenges — severe drought, dangerous flooding, reduced biodiversity or dense air pollution. The challenges are so great that no country can solve them on their own. But innovative ...

April 21, 2022
Tooth Tech: AI Takes Bite Out of Dental Slide Misses by Assisting Doctors
Your next trip to the dentist might offer a taste of AI. Pearl, a West Hollywood startup, provides AI for dental images to assist in diagnosis. It landed FDA clearance last month, the first to get such a go-ahead for dentistry AI. The approval paves ...

April 21, 2022
GFN Thursday Is Fit for the Gods: ‘God of War’ Arrives on GeForce NOW
The gods must be smiling this GFN Thursday — God of War today joins the GeForce NOW library. Sony Interactive Entertainment and Santa Monica Studios’ masterpiece is available to stream from GeForce NOW servers, across nearly all devices and at up to ...

May 12, 2022
GFN Thursday Gets Groovy As ‘Evil Dead: The Game’ Marks 1,300 Games on GeForce NOW
Good. Bad. You’re the Guy With the Gun this GFN Thursday. Get ready for some horrifyingly good fun with Evil Dead: The Game streaming on GeForce NOW tomorrow at release. It’s the 1,300th game to join GeForce NOW, joining on Friday the 13th. And it’s ...

May 10, 2022
Creator Karen X. Cheng Brings Keen AI for Design ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
The future of content creation is in AI. This week In the NVIDIA Studio, discover how AI-assisted painting is bringing a new level of inspiration to the next generation of artists. The post Creator Karen X. Cheng Brings Keen AI for Design ‘In the ...

May 09, 2022
More Freedom on the Freeway: AI Lifts Malaysia’s Toll Barriers
Working as an aerospace engineer in Malaysia, Chee How Lim dreamed of building a startup that could really take off. Today his company, Tapway, is riding a wave of computer vision and AI adoption in Southeast Asia. A call for help in 2019 with video ...

May 05, 2022
Driver’s Ed: How Waabi Uses AI, Simulation to Teach Autonomous Vehicles to Drive
Teaching the AI brains of autonomous vehicles to understand the world as humans do requires billions of miles of driving experience. The road to achieving this astronomical level of driving leads to the virtual world. On the latest episode of the AI ...

May 05, 2022
GFN Thursday Caught in 4K: 27 Games Arriving on GeForce NOW in May, Alongside 4K Streaming to PC and Mac Apps
Enjoy the finer things in life. May is looking pixel perfect for GeForce NOW gamers. RTX 3080 members can now take their games to the next level, streaming at 4K resolution on the GeForce NOW PC and Mac native apps — joining 4K support in the living ...

May 04, 2022
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for First-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of CallSANTA CLARA, Calif., May 04, 2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA will host a conference call on Wednesday, May 25, at 2 p.m. PT (5 p.m. ET) to ...

May 04, 2022
Setting AIs on SIGGRAPH: Top Academic Researchers Collaborate With NVIDIA to Tackle Graphics’ Greatest Challenges
NVIDIA’s latest academic collaborations in graphics research have produced a reinforcement learning model that smoothly simulates athletic moves, ultra-thin holographic glasses for virtual reality, and a real-time rendering technique for objects ...

May 03, 2022
‘In the NVIDIA Studio’ Welcomes Concept Designer Yangtian Li
Editor’s note: This post is part of our weekly In the NVIDIA Studio series, which celebrates featured artists, offers creative tips and tricks, and demonstrates how NVIDIA Studio technology accelerates creative workflows. This week In the NVIDIA ...

May 02, 2022
Mown Away: Startup Rolls Out Autonomous Lawnmower With Cutting Edge Tech
Jack Morrison and Isaac Roberts, co-founders of Replica Labs, were restless two years after their 3D vision startup was acquired, seeking another adventure. Then, in 2018, when Morrison was mowing his lawn, it struck him: autonomous lawn mowers. The ...

May 02, 2022
Meet the Omnivore: 3D Artist Creates Towering Work With NVIDIA Omniverse
Edward McEvenue grew up making claymations in LEGO towns. Now, he’s creating photorealistic animations in virtual cities, drawing on more than a decade of experience in the motion graphics industry. The post Meet the Omnivore: 3D Artist Creates ...

May 20, 2022
What is Extended Reality?
Advances in extended reality have already changed the way we work, live and play, and it’s just getting started. Extended reality, or XR, is an umbrella category that covers a spectrum of newer, immersive technologies, including virtual reality, ...

May 20, 2022
From Cloud to Car: How NIO Develops Intelligent Vehicles on NVIDIA HGX
Building next-generation intelligent vehicles requires an AI infrastructure that pushes the cutting edge. Electric vehicle maker NIO is using NVIDIA HGX to build a comprehensive data center infrastructure for developing AI-powered, software-defined ...

May 19, 2022
NVIDIA Stockholder Meeting Set for June 2; Individuals Can Participate Online
NVIDIA today announced it will hold its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders online on Thursday, June 2, at 11 a.m. PT. The meeting will take place virtually...

May 19, 2022
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Event for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following event for the financial community: BofA 2022 Securities Global Technology Conference

May 19, 2022
‘Fortnite’ Arrives This GFN Thursday With GeForce Performance You Can Touch
Fortnite on GeForce NOW with touch controls on mobile is now available to all members, streaming through the Safari web browser on iOS and the GeForce NOW Android app. The full launch — including the removal of the waitlist — follows a successful ...

May 17, 2022
Mission Made Possible: Real-Time Rendering Helps Studio Create Cinematic Battle Between Characters From ‘Diablo Immortal’
Real-time rendering is helping one studio take virtual production to impossible heights. In their latest project, the creators at Los Angeles-based company Impossible Objects were tasked with depicting an epic battle between characters from the ...

May 17, 2022
AI on the Ball: Startup Shoots Computer Vision to the Soccer Pitch
Eyal Ben-Ari just took his first shot on a goal of bringing professional-class analytics to amateur soccer players. The CEO of startup Track160, in Tel Aviv, has seen his company’s AI-powered sports analytics software tested and used in the big ...

May 17, 2022
Concept Artist Pablo Muñoz Gómez Enlivens Fantasy Creatures ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Concept artist Pablo Muñoz Gómez dives In the NVIDIA Studio this week, showcasing artwork that depicts a fantastical myth. Gómez, a creator based in Australia, is equally passionate about helping digital artists, teaching 3D classes and running the ...

May 13, 2022
Broom, Broom: WeRide Revs Up Self-Driving Street Sweepers Powered by NVIDIA
When it comes to safety, efficiency and sustainability, autonomous vehicles are delivering a clean sweep. Autonomous vehicle company and NVIDIA Inception member WeRide this month began a public road pilot of its Robo Street Sweepers. The vehicles, ...

May 12, 2022
Urban Jungle: AI-Generated Endangered Species Mix With Times Square’s Nightlife
Bengal tigers, red pandas and mountain gorillas are among the world’s most familiar endangered species, but tens of thousands of others — like the Karpathos frog, the Perote deer mouse or the Mekong giant catfish — are largely unknown. Typically ...

May 26, 2022
A Devotion to Emotion: Hume AI’s Alan Cowen on the Intersection of AI and Empathy
Can machines experience emotions? They might, according to Hume AI, an AI research lab and technology company that aims to “ensure artificial intelligence is built to serve human goals and emotional well-being.” So how can AI genuinely understand ...

May 26, 2022
Ready, Set, Game: GFN Thursday Brings 10 New Titles to GeForce NOW
It’s a beautiful day to play video games. And it’s GFN Thursday, which means we’ve got those games. Ten total titles join the GeForce NOW library of over 1,300 games, starting with the release of Roller Champions – a speedy, free-to-play roller ...

May 26, 2022
Deciphering the Future: HPE Switches on AI Supercomputer in France
Recalling the French linguist who deciphered the Rosetta Stone 150 years ago, Hewlett Packard Enterprise today switched on a tool to unravel its customers’ knottiest problems. The Champollion AI supercomputer takes its name from Jean-François ...

May 25, 2022
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for First Quarter Fiscal 2023
NVIDIA today reported record revenue for the first quarter ended May 1, 2022, of $8.29 billion, up 46% from a year ago and up 8% from the previous quarter, with record revenue in Data Center and Gaming...

May 23, 2022
NVIDIA Adds Liquid-Cooled GPUs for Sustainable, Efficient Computing
In the worldwide effort to halt climate change, Zac Smith is part of a growing movement to build data centers that deliver both high performance and energy efficiency. He’s head of edge infrastructure at Equinix, a global service provider that ...

May 23, 2022
NVIDIA Partners Announce Wave of New Jetson AGX Orin Servers and Appliances at COMPUTEX
More than 30 leading technology partners worldwide announced this week the first wave of NVIDIA Jetson AGX Orin-powered production systems at COMPUTEX in Taipei. New products are coming from a dozen Taiwan-based camera, sensor and hardware providers ...

May 23, 2022
NVIDIA Brings Data Center, Robotics, Edge Computing, Gaming and Content Creation Innovations to COMPUTEX 2022
Digital twins that revolutionize the way the most complex products are produced. Silicon and software that transforms data centers into AI factories. Gaming advances that bring the world’s most popular games to life. Taiwan has become the engine ...

May 23, 2022
Master of Arts: NVIDIA RTX GPUs Accelerate Creative Ecosystems, Delivering Unmatched AI and Ray-Tracing Performance
The future of content creation was on full display during the virtual NVIDIA keynote at COMPUTEX 2022, as the NVIDIA Studio platform expands with new Studio laptops and RTX-powered AI apps — all backed by the May Studio Driver released today. The ...

May 23, 2022
Taiwan’s Tech Titans Adopt World’s First NVIDIA Grace CPU-Powered System Designs
New Class of Data Center Systems for Digital Twins, AI, High Performance Computing, Cloud Graphics and Gaming to Come From ASUS, Foxconn Industrial Internet, GIGABYTE, QCT, Supermicro, Wiwynn
NVIDIA today announced that Taiwan’s leading computer makers are set to release the first wave of systems powered by the NVIDIA Grace™ CPU Superchip and Grace Hopper Superchip for a wide range of workloads spanning digital twins, AI, high ...

May 23, 2022
Energy Grids Plug into AI for a Brighter, Cleaner Future
Electric utilities are taking a course in machine learning to create smarter grids for tough challenges ahead. The winter 2021 megastorm in Texas left millions without power. Grid failures the past two summers sparked devastating wildfires amid ...

May 31, 2022
The Closer: Machine Learning Helps Banks, Buyers Finalize Real Estate Transactions
The home-buying process can feel like an obstacle course — finding the perfect place, putting together an offer and, the biggest hurdle of all, securing a mortgage. San Francisco-based real-estate technology company Doma is helping prospective ...

May 31, 2022
Fantastical 3D Creatures Roar to Life ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’ With Artist Massimo Righi
The year of the tiger comes into focus this week In the NVIDIA Studio, which welcomes 3D creature artist Massimo Righi. An award-winning 3D artist with two decades of experience in the film industry, Righi has received multiple artist-of-the-month ...

May 30, 2022
NVIDIA Accelerates AI, Digital Twins, Quantum Computing and Edge HPC at ISC 2022
Researchers grappling with today’s grand challenges are getting traction with accelerated computing, as showcased at ISC, Europe’s annual gathering of supercomputing experts. Some are building digital twins to simulate new energy sources. Some use ...

May 30, 2022
The Man With 100,000 Brains: AI’s Big Donation to Science
Jorge Cardoso wears many hats, and that’s appropriate given he has so many brains. A hundred thousand of them to be exact. Cardoso is a teacher, a CTO, an entrepreneur, a founding member of the MONAI open source consortium and a researcher in AI for ...

May 30, 2022
The Road to the Hybrid Quantum-HPC Data Center Starts Here
It’s time to start building tomorrow’s hybrid quantum computers. The motivation is compelling, the path is clear and key components for the job are available today. Quantum computing has the potential to bust through some of today’s toughest ...

May 30, 2022
Scientists Building Digital Twins in NVIDIA Omniverse to Accelerate Clean Energy Research
As global climate change accelerates, finding and securing clean energy is a crucial challenge for many researchers, organizations and governments. The U.K.’s Atomic Energy Authority (UKAEA), through an evaluation project at the University of ...

May 30, 2022
HPC Researchers Seed the Future of In-Network Computing With NVIDIA BlueField DPUs
Across Europe and the U.S., HPC developers are supercharging supercomputers with the power of Arm cores and accelerators inside NVIDIA BlueField-2 DPUs. At Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) that work is one part of a broad, multiyear ...

May 30, 2022
Top Global Systems Makers Accelerate Adoption of NVIDIA Grace and Grace Hopper
Atos, Dell Technologies, GIGABYTE, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Inspur, Lenovo and Supermicro Join First Wave Planning NVIDIA Grace-Powered HGX Systems for HPC and AI
NVIDIA today announced that a range of the world’s leading computer makers are adopting the new NVIDIA Grace™ superchips to create the next generation of servers turbocharging AI and HPC workloads for the exascale era.

May 30, 2022
Hyperscale Digital Twins to Give Us "Amazing Superpowers" NVIDIA Exec Says at ISC 2022
Highly accurate digital representations of physical objects or systems, or “digital twins,” will enable the next era of industrial virtualization and AI, executives from NVIDIA and BMW said Tuesday. Kicking off the ISC 2022 conference in Hamburg, ...

May 27, 2022
NVIDIA Recommends Stockholders Reject ‘Mini-Tender’ Offer by Tutanota LLC
NVIDIA today announced that it recently became aware of an unsolicited “mini-tender” offer by Tutanota LLC to purchase up to 215,000 shares of NVIDIA common stock, representing significantly less than 1% of NVIDIA’s outstanding common stock.

June 13, 2022
Powered Up: 5G and VR Accelerate Vehicle Battery Design
Traveling the scenic route between Wantage, a small town in Oxfordshire, and Coventry in the U.K. meanders up steep hills, past the birthplace of Shakespeare and skirts around 19th-century English bathhouses. A project using edge computing and the ...

June 10, 2022
From Code to Clinic, Smart Hospital Tech Boosts Efficiency, Sustainability in Medicine
NVIDIA is collaborating with clinical organizations across Europe to bring AI to the point of care, bolstering clinical pathways with efficiency gains and new data dimensions that can be included in medical decision-making processes. The University ...

June 09, 2022
Out of This World: ‘Mass Effect Legendary Edition’ and ‘It Takes Two’ Lead GFN Thursday Updates
Some may call this GFN Thursday legendary as Mass Effect Legendary Edition and It Takes Two join the GeForce NOW library. Both games expand the available number of Electronic Arts games streaming from our GeForce cloud servers, and are part of 10 ...

June 08, 2022
Stunning Insights from James Webb Space Telescope Are Coming, Thanks to GPU-Powered Deep Learning
NVIDIA GPUs will play a key role interpreting data streaming in from the James Webb Space Telescope, with NASA preparing to release next month the first full-color images from the $10 billion scientific instrument. The telescope’s iconic array of 18 ...

June 07, 2022
Festo Develops With Isaac Sim to Drive Its Industrial Automation
Dionysios Satikidis was playing FIFA 19 when he realized the simulated soccer game’s realism offered a glimpse into the future for training robots. An expert in AI and autonomous systems at Festo, a German industrial control and automation company, ...

June 07, 2022

What Is Zero Trust?
For all its sophistication, the Internet age has brought on a digital plague of security breaches. The steady drumbeat of data and identity thefts spawned a new movement and a modern mantra that’s even been the subject of a U.S. presidential mandate ...

June 07, 2022
Feel the Need … for Speed as ‘Top Goose’ Debuts In the NVIDIA Studio
This week In the NVIDIA Studio takes off with the debut of Top Goose, a short animation created with Omniverse Machinima and inspired by one of the greatest fictional pilots to ever grace the big screen. The project was powered by PCs using the same ...

June 06, 2022
Vision in the Making: Andrew Ng’s Startup Automates Factory Inspection
Computer vision specialist Landing AI has a unique calling card: Its co-founder and CEO is a tech rock star. At Google Brain, Andrew Ng became famous for showing how deep learning could recognize cats in a sea of images with uncanny speed and ...

June 02, 2022
GFN Thursday Jumps Into June With 25 New Games Coming This Month
Celebrate the onset of summer this GFN Thursday with 25 more games joining the GeForce NOW library, including seven additions this week. Because why would you ever go outside? Looking to spend the summer months in Space Marine armor? Games Workshop ...

June 01, 2022
Solving the World’s Biggest Challenges, Together
Gamers know NVIDIA powers great gaming experiences. Researchers know NVIDIA speeds world-changing breakthroughs. Businesses know us for the AI engines transforming their industries. And NVIDIA employees know the company as one of the best places to ...

June 21, 2022
3D Artist Jae Solina Goes Cyberpunk This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
3D artist Jae Solina, who goes by the stage name JSFILMZ, steps In the NVIDIA Studio this week to share his unique 3D creative workflow in the making of Cyberpunk Short Film — a story shrouded in mystery with a tense exchange between two secretive ...

June 21, 2022
NVIDIA Accelerates Open Data Center Innovation
NVIDIA today became a founding member of the Linux Foundation’s Open Programmable Infrastructure (OPI) project, while making its NVIDIA DOCA networking software APIs widely available to foster innovation in the data center. Businesses are embracing ...

June 19, 2022
The King’s Swedish: AI Rewrites the Book in Scandinavia
If the King of Sweden wants help drafting his annual Christmas speech this year, he could ask the same AI model that’s available to his 10 million subjects. As a test, researchers prompted the model, called GPT-SW3, to draft one of the royal ...

June 16, 2022
Smart Utility Vehicle: NIO ES7 Redefines Category with Intelligent, Versatile EV Powered by NVIDIA DRIVE Orin
Accounting for nearly half of global vehicle sales in 2021, SUVs have grown in popularity given their versatility. Now, NIO aims to amp up the volume further. This week, the electric automaker unveiled the ES7 SUV, purpose-built for the intelligent ...

June 16, 2022
AI for Personalized Health: Startup Advances Precision Medicine for COVID-19, Chronic Diseases
At a time when much about COVID-19 remained a mystery, U.K.-based PrecisionLife used AI and combinatorial analytics to discover new genes associated with severe symptoms and hospitalizations for patients. The techbio company’s study, published in ...

June 16, 2022
Get Your Wish: Genshin Impact Coming to GeForce NOW
Greetings, Traveler. Prepare for adventure. Genshin Impact, the popular open-world action role-playing game, is leaving limited beta and launching for all GeForce NOW members next week. Gamers can get their game on today with the six total games ...

June 15, 2022
All-In-One Financial Services? Vietnam’s MoMo Has a Super-App for That
For younger generations, paper bills, loan forms and even cash might as well be in a museum. Smartphones in hand, their financial services largely take place online. The financial-technology companies that serve them are in a race to develop AI that ...

June 14, 2022
A Breakthrough Preview: JIDU Auto Debuts Intelligent Robo-01 Concept Vehicle, Powered by NVIDIA DRIVE Orin
JIDU Auto sees a brilliant future ahead for intelligent electric vehicles. The EV startup, backed by tech titan Baidu, took the wraps off the Robo-01 concept vehicle last week during its virtual ROBODAY event. The robot-inspired, software-defined ...

June 14, 2022
The Data Center’s Traffic Cop: AI Clears Digital Gridlock
Gal Dalal wants to ease the commute for those who work from home — or the office. The senior research scientist at NVIDIA, who is part of a 10-person lab in Israel, is using AI to reduce congestion on computer networks. For laptop jockeys, a ...

June 14, 2022
3D Environment Artist Jacinta Vu Sets the Scene 'In the NVIDIA Studio'
3D environment artist Jacinta Vu joins us In the NVIDIA Studio this week, showcasing her video game inspired scene Royal Library and 3D content creation workflow. Based in Cincinnati, Vu specializes in transforming 2D concept art into 3D models and ...

June 28, 2022
NVIDIA Teams With HPE to Take AI From Edge to Cloud
Enterprises now have a new option for quickly getting started with NVIDIA AI software: the HPE GreenLake edge-to-cloud platform. The NVIDIA AI Enterprise software suite is an end-to-end, cloud-native suite of AI and data analytics software. It’s ...

June 28, 2022
Detect to Protect: Taiwan Hospital Deploys Real-Time AI Risk Prediction for Kidney Patients
Taiwan has nearly 85,000 kidney dialysis patients — the highest prevalence in the world based on population density. Taipei Veterans General Hospital (TVGH) is working to improve outcomes for these patients with an AI model that predicts heart ...

June 24, 2022
Finding NeMo: Sensory Taps NVIDIA AI for Voice and Vision Applications
You may not know of Todd Mozer, but it’s likely you have experienced his company: It has enabled voice and vision AI for billions of consumer electronics devices worldwide. Sensory, started in 1994 from Silicon Valley, is a pioneer of compact models ...

June 24, 2022
UN Satellite Centre Works With NVIDIA to Boost Sustainable Development Goals
To foster climate action for a healthy global environment, NVIDIA is working with the United Nations Satellite Centre (UNOSAT) to apply the powers of deep learning and AI. The effort supports the UN’s 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, which ...

June 23, 2022
Family Style: Li Auto L9 Brings Top-Line Luxury and Intelligence to Full-Size SUV With NVIDIA DRIVE Orin
Finally, there’s a family car any kid would want to be seen in. Beijing-based startup Li Auto this week rolled out its second electric vehicle, the L9. It’s a full-size SUV decked out with the latest intelligent driving technology. With AI features ...

June 23, 2022
Making an Impact: GFN Thursday Transforms Macs Into GeForce Gaming PCs
Thanks to the GeForce cloud, even Mac users can be PC gamers. This GFN Thursday, fire up your Macbook and get your game on. This week brings eight more games to the GeForce NOW library. Plus, members can play Genshin Impact and claim a reward to ...

June 22, 2022
Meet the Omnivore: Director of Photography Revs Up NVIDIA Omniverse to Create Sleek Car Demo
A camera begins in the sky, flies through some trees and smoothly exits the forest, all while precisely tracking a car driving down a dirt path. This would be all but impossible in the real world, according to film and photography director Brett ...

June 22, 2022
Artem Cherkasov and Olexandr Isayev on Democratizing Drug Discovery With NVIDIA GPUs
It may seem intuitive that AI and deep learning can speed up workflows — including novel drug discovery, a typically years-long and several-billion-dollar endeavor. But professors Artem Cherkasov and Olexandr Isayev were surprised to find that no ...

June 21, 2022
AI in the Big Easy: NVIDIA Research Lets Content Creators Improvise With 3D Objects
Jazz is all about improvisation — and NVIDIA is paying tribute to the genre with AI research that could one day enable graphics creators to improvise with 3D objects created in the time it takes to hold a jam session. The method, NVIDIA 3D MoMa, ...

June 21, 2022
NVIDIA Joins Forum to Help Lay the Foundation of the Metaverse
The metaverse is the next big step in the evolution of the internet — the 3D web — which presents a major opportunity for every industry from entertainment to automotive to manufacturing, robotics and beyond. That’s why NVIDIA is joining our ...

July 07, 2022
Mission-Driven: Takeaways From Our Corporate Responsibility Report
NVIDIA’s latest corporate responsibility report shares our efforts in empowering employees and putting to work our technologies for the benefit of humanity. Amid ongoing global economic concerns and pandemic challenges, this year’s report highlights ...

July 07, 2022
GFN Thursday Brings New Games to GeForce NOW for the Perfect Summer Playlist
Nothing beats the summer heat like GFN Thursday. Get ready for four new titles streaming at GeForce quality across nearly any device. Buckle up for some great gaming, whether poolside, in the car for a long road trip, or in the air-conditioned ...

July 07, 2022
Wordle for AI: Santiago Valderrama on Getting Smarter on Machine Learning
Want to learn about AI and machine learning? There are plenty of resources out there to help — blogs, podcasts, YouTube tutorials — perhaps too many. Machine learning engineer Santiago Valderrama has taken a far more focused approach to helping us ...

July 05, 2022
Computer Graphics Artist Xueguo Yang Shares Fractal Art Series This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Putting art, mathematics and computers together in the mid-1980s created a new genre of digital media: fractal art. In the NVIDIA Studio this week, computer graphics (CG) artist, educator and curator Xueguo Yang shares his insights behind fractal ...

June 30, 2022
Three Wheeling: Startup Faction Develops Affordable Tri-Wheel AVs on NVIDIA DRIVE
Some things are easy as A, B, C. But when it comes to autonomous vehicles, the key may be in one, two, three. Faction, a Bay Area-based startup and NVIDIA Inception member, is preparing to debut its business-to-business autonomous delivery service, ...

June 30, 2022
The Gaming Evolution Will Be Televised: GFN Thursday Levels Up the Living Room Experience on New Samsung TVs and More
Turn the TV on. GeForce NOW is leveling up gaming in the living room. The Samsung Gaming Hub launched today, delivering GeForce NOW natively on 2022 Samsung Smart TVs. Plus, the SHIELD Software Experience Upgrade 9.1 is now rolling out to all NVIDIA ...

June 29, 2022
The Metaverse Goes Industrial: Siemens, NVIDIA Extend Partnership to Bring Digital Twins Within Easy Reach
Silicon Valley magic met Wednesday with 175 years of industrial technology leadership as Siemens CEO Roland Busch and NVIDIA Founder and CEO Jensen Huang shared their vision for an “industrial metaverse” at the launch of the Siemens Xcelerator ...

June 29, 2022
NVIDIA, Partners Show Leading AI Performance and Versatility in MLPerf
NVIDIA and its partners continued to provide the best overall AI training performance and the most submissions across all benchmarks with 90% of all entries coming from the ecosystem, according to MLPerf benchmarks released today. The NVIDIA AI ...

June 29, 2022
Siemens and NVIDIA to Enable Industrial Metaverse
Siemens, a leader in industrial automation and software, infrastructure, building technology and transportation, and NVIDIA, a pioneer in accelerated graphics and artificial intelligence (AI), today announced an expansion of their partnership to ...

June 29, 2022
NVIDIA Studio Driver Elevates Creative Workflows in Blender 3.2, BorisFX Sapphire and Topaz Denoise AI
The June NVIDIA Studio Driver is available for download today, optimizing the latest creative app updates, all with the stability and reliability that users count on. Creators with NVIDIA RTX GPUs will benefit from faster performance and new ...

July 18, 2022
CORSAIR Integrates NVIDIA Broadcast’s Audio, Video AI Features in iCUE and Elgato Software This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Technology company CORSAIR and streaming partner BigCheeseKIT step In the NVIDIA Studio this week. A leader in high-performance gear and systems for gamers, content creators and PC enthusiasts, CORSAIR has integrated NVIDIA Broadcast technologies ...

July 15, 2022
Meet the Omnivore: Animator Entertains and Explains With NVIDIA Omniverse
Australian animator Marko Matosevic is taking jokes from a children’s school dads’ group and breathing them into animated life with NVIDIA Omniverse, a virtual world simulation and collaboration platform for 3D workflows. The post Meet the Omnivore: ...

July 14, 2022
Action on Repeat: GFN Thursday Brings Loopmancer With RTX ON to the Cloud
Investigate the ultimate truth this GFN Thursday with Loopmancer, now streaming to all members on GeForce NOW. Stuck in a death loop, RTX 3080 and Priority members can search for the truth with RTX ON — including NVIDIA DLSS and ray-traced ...

July 12, 2022
Grand Entrance: Human Horizons Unveils Smart GT Built on NVIDIA DRIVE Orin
Tourer vehicles just became a little more grand. Electric vehicle maker Human Horizons provided a detailed glimpse earlier this month of its latest production model: the GT HiPhi Z. The intelligent EV is poised to redefine the grand tourer vehicle ...

July 12, 2022
Merge Ahead: Researcher Takes Software Bridge to Quantum Computing
Kristel Michielsen was into quantum computing before quantum computing was cool. The computational physicist simulated quantum computers as part of her Ph.D. work in the Netherlands in the early 1990s. Today, she manages one of Europe’s largest ...

July 12, 2022
NVIDIA Announces Hybrid Quantum-Classical Computing Platform
NVIDIA QODA Unified Programming Platform Adopted by Community’s Global Leaders to Enable Quantum-Accelerated AI, HPC, Health and Finance Applications
NVIDIA today announced a unified computing platform for speeding breakthroughs in quantum research and development across AI, HPC, health, finance and other disciplines.

July 12, 2022
Sequences That Stun: Visual Effects Artist Surfaced Studio Arrives ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Visual effects savant Surfaced Studio steps In the NVIDIA Studio this week to share his clever film sequences, Fluid Simulation and Destruction, as well as his creative workflows. These sequences feature quirky visual effects that Surfaced Studio is ...

July 11, 2022
AI on the Sky: Stunning New Images from the James Webb Space Telescope to be Analyzed by, Train, AI
The release by U.S. President Joe Biden Monday of the first full-color image from the James Webb Space Telescope is already astounding — and delighting — humans around the globe. “We can see possibilities nobody has ever seen before, we can go ...

July 11, 2022
Windfall: Omniverse Accelerates Turning Wind Power Into Clean Hydrogen Fuel
Engineers are using the NVIDIA Omniverse 3D simulation platform as part of a proof of concept that promises to become a model for putting green energy to work around the world. Dubbed Gigastack, the pilot project — led by a consortium that includes ...

July 28, 2022
NVIDIA Studio Laptops Offer Students AI, Creative Capabilities That Are Best in... Class
Selecting the right laptop is a lot like trying to pick the right major. Both can be challenging tasks where choosing wrongly costs countless hours. But pick the right one, and graduation is just around the corner. The tips below can help the next ...

July 27, 2022
How’s That? Startup Ups Game for Cricket, Football and More With Vision AI
Sports produce a slew of data. In a game of cricket, for example, each play generates millions of video-frame data points for a sports analyst to scrutinize, according to Masoumeh Izadi, managing director of deep-tech startup TVConal. The ...

July 26, 2022

What Is an Exaflop?
Computers are crunching more numbers than ever to crack the most complex problems of our time — how to cure diseases like COVID and cancer, mitigate climate change and more. These and other grand challenges ushered computing into today’s exascale ...

July 26, 2022
July NVIDIA Studio Driver Improves Performance for Chaos V-Ray 6 for 3ds Max
Creativity heats up In the NVIDIA Studio as the July NVIDIA Studio Driver, available now, accelerates the recent Chaos V-Ray 6 for 3ds Max release.Plus, this week’s In the NVIDIA Studio 3D artist, Brian Lai, showcases his development process for ...

July 25, 2022
Digital Sculptor Does Heavy Lifting With Lightweight Mobile Workstation
As a professional digital sculptor, Marlon Nuñez is on a mission to make learning 3D art skills easier, smoother and more fun for all. And with the help of an NVIDIA RTX-powered Lenovo mobile workstation, he takes his 3D projects to the next level, ...

July 21, 2022
Shifting Into High Gear: Lunit, Maker of FDA-Cleared AI for Cancer Analysis, Goes Public in Seoul
South Korean startup Lunit, developer of two FDA-cleared AI models for healthcare, went public this week on the country’s Kosdaq stock market. The move marks the maturity of the Seoul-based company — which was founded in 2013 and has for years been ...

July 21, 2022
Get Battle Ready With New GeForce NOW Fortnite Reward
<Incoming Transmission> Epic Games is bringing a new Fortnite reward to GeForce NOW, available to all members. Drop from the Battle Bus in Fortnite on GeForce NOW between today and Thursday, Aug. 4, to earn “The Dish-stroyer Pickaxe” in game for ...

July 21, 2022
Researchers Use GPUs to Give Earbud Users a ‘Mute Button’ for Background Noise
Thanks to earbuds you can have calls anywhere while doing anything. The problem: those on the other end of the call hear it all, too, from your roommate’s vacuum cleaner to background conversations at the cafe you’re working from. Now, work by a ...

July 20, 2022
Lucid Motors' Mike Bell on Software-Defined Innovation for the Luxury EV Brand
AI and electric vehicle technology breakthroughs are transforming the automotive industry. These developments pave the way for new innovators, attracting technical prowess and design philosophies from Silicon Valley. Mike Bell, senior vice president ...

July 18, 2022
Living on the Edge: New Features for NVIDIA Fleet Command Deliver All-in-One Edge AI Management, Maintenance for Enterprises
NVIDIA Fleet Command — a cloud service for deploying, managing and scaling AI applications at the edge — today introduced new features that enhance the seamless management of edge AI deployments around the world. With the scale of edge AI ...

August 04, 2022
Pinterest Boosts Home Feed Engagement 16% With Switch to GPU Acceleration of Recommenders
Pinterest has engineered a way to serve its photo-sharing community more of the images they love. The social-image service, with more than 400 million monthly active users, has trained bigger recommender models for improved accuracy at predicting ...

August 04, 2022
Rush Into August This GFN Thursday With 38 New Games on GeForce NOW
It’s the first GFN Thursday of the month and you know the drill — GeForce NOW is bringing a big batch of games to the cloud. Get ready for 38 exciting titles like Saints Row and Rumbleverse arriving on the GeForce NOW library in August. Members can ...

August 03, 2022
NVIDIA Jetson AGX Orin 32GB Production Modules Now Available; Partner Ecosystem Appliances and Servers Arrive
Bringing new AI and robotics applications and products to market, or supporting existing ones, can be challenging for developers and enterprises. The NVIDIA Jetson AGX Orin 32GB production module — available now — is here to help. Nearly three dozen ...

August 03, 2022
Music to the Gears: NVIDIA’s Clément Farabet on Orchestrating AI Training for Autonomous Vehicles
Autonomous vehicles are one of the most complex AI challenges of our time. For AVs to operate safely in the real world, the networks running within them must come together as an intricate symphony, which requires intensive training, testing and ...

August 02, 2022
Sensational Surrealism Astonishes This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
3D phenom FESQ joins us 'In the NVIDIA Studio' this week to share his sensational and surreal animation 'Double/Sided' as well as an inside look into his creative workflow. 'Double/Sided' is deeply personal to FESQ, who said the piece “translates ...

August 01, 2022
Meet the Omnivore: Developer Builds Bots With NVIDIA Omniverse and Isaac Sim
While still in grad school, Antonio Serrano-Muñoz has helped author papers spanning planetary gravities, AI-powered diagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis and robots that precisely track millimetric-sized walkers, like ants. The post Meet the Omnivore: ...

July 29, 2022

What Is a QPU?
Just as GPUs and DPUs enable accelerated computing today, they’re also helping a new kind of chip, the QPU, boot up the promise of quantum computing. In your hand, a quantum processing unit might look and feel very similar to a graphics or a data ...

July 28, 2022
1,650+ Global Interns Gleam With NVIDIA Green
A record number of interns calls for a record-sized celebration. In our largest contingent ever, over 1,650 interns from 350+ schools started with NVIDIA worldwide over the past year. Amidst busy work days tackling real-world projects across ...

July 28, 2022
Pony.ai Express: New Autonomous Trucking Collaboration Powered by NVIDIA DRIVE Orin
More than 160 years after the legendary Pony Express delivery service completed its first route, a new generation of “Pony”-emblazoned vehicles are taking an AI-powered approach to long-haul delivery. Autonomous driving company Pony.ai announced ...

July 28, 2022
Welcome Back, Commander: ‘Command & Conquer Remastered Collection’ Joins GeForce NOW
Take a trip down memory lane this week with an instantly recognizable classic, Command The post Welcome Back, Commander: ‘Command & Conquer Remastered Collection’ Joins GeForce NOW appeared first on NVIDIA Blog.

August 09, 2022
Virtual Assistants and Digital Humans on Pace to Ace Turing Test With New NVIDIA Omniverse Avatar Cloud Engine
Omniverse ACE Offers Developers of Games, Chatbots, Digital Twins, Virtual Worlds a Suite of Cloud-Native AI Models to Build and Deploy Interactive Avatars
NVIDIA today announced NVIDIA Omniverse Avatar Cloud Engine (ACE), a suite of cloud-native AI models and services that make it easier to build and customize lifelike virtual assistants and digital humans.

August 09, 2022
NVIDIA Announces Major Release of Omniverse With New USD Connectors and Tools, Simulation Technologies and Developer Frameworks
Company Unveils Avatar Cloud Engine; DeepSearch AI 3D Search Engine; NeuralVDB AI Upgrade for Sparse Volume Data; Connection to NVIDIA Modulus for Scientific Digital Twins; Updates to PhysX, MDL and More
NVIDIA today announced a new range of developer frameworks, tools, apps and plugins for NVIDIA Omniverse™, the platform for building and connecting metaverse worlds based on Universal Scene Description (USD).

August 09, 2022
New NVIDIA Neural Graphics SDKs Make Metaverse Content Creation Available to All
The creation of 3D objects for building scenes for games, virtual worlds including the metaverse, product design or visual effects is traditionally a meticulous process, where skilled artists balance detail and photorealism against deadlines and ...

August 09, 2022
Upping the Standard: NVIDIA Introduces NeuralVDB, Bringing AI and GPU Optimization to Award-Winning OpenVDB
NVIDIA today announced NeuralVDB, which brings the power of AI to OpenVDB, the industry-standard library for simulating and rendering sparse volumetric data, such as water, fire, smoke and clouds. Building on the past decade’s development of ...

August 09, 2022
NVIDIA and Partners Build Out Universal Scene Description to Accelerate Industrial Metaverse and Next Wave of AI
Effort to Further USD as Foundation of Open Metaverse and 3D Internet Led by Pixar, Adobe, Autodesk, Siemens, Plus Innovators in Media, Gaming, Robotics, Industrial Automation and Retail; NVIDIA Announces Open-Source USD Resources and Test Suite
NVIDIA today announced a broad initiative to evolve Universal Scene Description (USD), the open-source and extensible language of 3D worlds, to become a foundation of the open metaverse and 3D internet.

August 08, 2022
How to Start a Career in AI
How do I start a career as a deep learning engineer? What are some of the key tools and frameworks used in AI? How do I learn more about ethics in AI? Everyone has questions, but the most common questions in AI always return to this: how do I get ...

August 08, 2022
NVIDIA Announces Preliminary Financial Results for Second Quarter Fiscal 2023
NVIDIA today announced selected preliminary financial results for the second quarter ended July 31, 2022.

August 05, 2022
NVIDIA Instant NeRF Wins Best Paper at SIGGRAPH, Inspires Creative Wave Amid Tens of Thousands of Downloads
3D content creators are clamoring for NVIDIA Instant NeRF, an inverse rendering tool that turns a set of static images into a realistic 3D scene. Since its debut earlier this year, tens of thousands of developers around the world have downloaded the ...

August 04, 2022
Dive Into AI, Avatars and the Metaverse With NVIDIA at SIGGRAPH
Innovative technologies in AI, virtual worlds and digital humans are shaping the future of design and content creation across every industry. Experience the latest advances from NVIDIA in all these areas at SIGGRAPH, the world’s largest gathering of ...

August 04, 2022
What Is Direct and Indirect Lighting?
Imagine hiking to a lake on a summer day — sitting under a shady tree and watching the water gleam under the sun. In this scene, the differences between light and shadow are examples of direct and indirect lighting. The sun shines onto the lake and ...

August 15, 2022
NVIDIA GTC to Feature CEO Jensen Huang Keynote Announcing New AI and Metaverse Technologies, 200+ Sessions With Top Tech, Business Execs
Deep Learning Pioneers Yoshua Bengio, Geoff Hinton, Yann LeCun Among the Scores of Industry Experts to Present at World’s Premier AI Conference, Sept. 19-22
NVIDIA today announced that it will host its next GTC conference virtually from Sept. 19-22, featuring a news-packed keynote by founder and CEO Jensen Huang, and more than 200 sessions with global business and technology leaders.

August 12, 2022
From Sapling to Forest: Five Sustainability and Employment Initiatives We’re Nurturing in India
For over a decade, NVIDIA has invested in social causes and communities in India as part of our commitment to corporate social responsibility. Bolstering those efforts, we’re unveiling this year’s investments in five projects that have been selected ...

August 11, 2022
Top Israel Medical Center Partners with AI Startups to Help Detect Brain Bleeds, Other Critical Cases
Israel’s largest private medical center is working with startups and researchers to bring potentially life-saving AI solutions to real-world healthcare workflows. With more than 1.5 million patients across eight medical centers, Assuta Medical ...

August 11, 2022
GFN Thursday Brings Thunder to the Cloud With ‘Rumbleverse’ Arriving on GeForce NOW
It’s time to rumble in Grapital City with Rumbleverse launching today on GeForce NOW. Punch your way into the all-new, free-to-play Brawler Royale from Iron Galaxy Studios and Epic Games Publishing, streaming from the cloud to nearly all devices. ...

August 10, 2022
Design in the Age of Digital Twins: A Conversation With Graphics-Pioneer Donald Greenberg
Asked about the future of design, Donald Greenberg holds up a model of a human aorta. “After my son became an intravascular heart surgeon at the Cleveland Clinic, he hired one of my students to use CAT scans and create digital 3D models of an aortic ...

August 10, 2022
AI Flying Off the Shelves: Restocking Robot Rolls Out to Hundreds of Japanese Convenience Stores
Tokyo-based startup Telexistence this week announced it will deploy NVIDIA AI-powered robots to restock shelves at hundreds of FamilyMart convenience stores in Japan. There are 56,000 convenience stores in Japan — the third-highest density ...

August 09, 2022
Future of Creativity on Display ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’ During SIGGRAPH Special Address
A glimpse into the future of AI-infused virtual worlds was on display at SIGGRAPH — the world’s largest gathering of computer graphics experts — as NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang put the finishing touches on the company’s special address. The ...

August 09, 2022
At SIGGRAPH, NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang Illuminates Three Forces Sparking Graphics Revolution
In a swift, eye-popping special address at SIGGRAPH, NVIDIA execs described the forces driving the next era in graphics, and the company’s expanding range of tools to accelerate them. “The combination of AI and computer graphics will power the ...

August 09, 2022
NVIDIA AI Makes Performance Capture Possible With Any Camera
NVIDIA AI tools are enabling deep learning-powered performance capture for creators at every level: visual effects and animation studios, creative professionals — even any enthusiast with a camera. With NVIDIA Vid2Vid Cameo, creators can harness AI ...

August 09, 2022
As Far as the AI Can See: ILM Uses Omniverse DeepSearch to Create the Perfect Sky
For cutting-edge visual effects and virtual production, creative teams and studios benefit from digital sets and environments that can be updated in real time. A crucial element in any virtual production environment is a sky dome, often used to ...

August 19, 2022
Meet the Omnivore: Startup in3D Turns Selfies Into Talking, Dancing Avatars With NVIDIA Omniverse
Imagine taking a selfie and using it to get a moving, talking, customizable 3D avatar of yourself in just seconds. The post Meet the Omnivore: Startup in3D Turns Selfies Into Talking, Dancing Avatars With NVIDIA Omniverse appeared first on NVIDIA ...

August 19, 2022
NVIDIA to Share New Details on Grace CPU, Hopper GPU, NVLink Switch, Jetson Orin Module at Hot Chips
In four talks over two days, senior NVIDIA engineers will describe innovations in accelerated computing for modern data centers and systems at the edge of the network. Speaking at a virtual Hot Chips event, an annual gathering of processor and ...

August 18, 2022
Startup Digs Into Public Filings With GPU-Driven Machine Learning to Serve Up Alternative Financial Data Services
When Rachel Carpenter and Joseph French founded Intrinio a decade ago, the fintech revolution had only just begun. But they saw an opportunity to apply machine learning to vast amounts of financial filings to create an alternative data provider ...

August 18, 2022
Boldly Go: Discover New Frontiers in AI-Powered Transportation at GTC
AI and the metaverse are revolutionizing every aspect of the way we live, work and play — including how we move. Leaders in the automotive and technology industries will come together at NVIDIA GTC to discuss the newest breakthroughs driving ...

August 18, 2022
Startup’s Vision AI Software Trains Itself — in One Hour — to Detect Manufacturing Defects in Real Time
Cameras have been deployed in factories for over a decade — so why, Franz Tschimben wondered, hasn’t automated visual inspection yet become the worldwide standard? This question motivated Tschimben and his colleagues to found Covision Quality, an ...

August 18, 2022
Easy A: GeForce NOW Brings Higher Resolution and Frame Rates for Browser Streaming on PC
Class is in session this GFN Thursday as GeForce NOW makes the up-grade with support for higher resolutions and frame rates in Chrome browser on PC. It’s the easiest way to spice up a boring study session. When the lecture is over, dive into the six ...

August 17, 2022
Immunai Co-Founder Luis Voloch on Using Deep Learning to Develop New Drugs
Mapping the immune system could lead to the creation of drugs that help our bodies win the fight against cancer and other diseases. That’s the big idea behind immunotherapy. The problem: the immune system is incredibly complex. Enter Immunai, a ...

August 16, 2022
Smart Devices, Smart Manufacturing: Pegatron Taps AI, Digital Twins
In the fast-paced field of making the world’s tech devices, Pegatron Corp. initially harnessed AI to gain an edge. Now, it’s on the cusp of creating digital twins to further streamline its efficiency. Whether or not they’re familiar with the name, ...

August 16, 2022
AI Shows the Way: Seoul Robotics Helps Cars Move, Park on Their Own
Imagine driving a car — one without self-driving capabilities — to a mall, airport or parking garage, and using an app to have the car drive off to park itself. Software company Seoul Robotics is using NVIDIA technology to make this possible — ...

August 16, 2022
Digital Art Professor Kate Parsons Inspires Next Generation of Creators This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Many artists can edit a video, paint a picture or build a model — but transforming one’s imagination into stunning creations can now involve breakthrough design technologies. Kate Parsons, a digital art professor at Pepperdine University and this ...

August 29, 2022
Meet the Omnivore: Artist Fires Up NVIDIA Omniverse to Glaze Animated Ceramics
Vanessa Rosa’s art transcends time: it merges traditional and contemporary techniques, gives new life to ancient tales and imagines possible futures. The post Meet the Omnivore: Artist Fires Up NVIDIA Omniverse to Glaze Animated Ceramics appeared ...

August 25, 2022
3D Artist Creates Blooming, Generative Sculptures With NVIDIA RTX and AI
Looking for a change of art? Try using AI — that’s what 3D artist Nikola Damjanov is doing. Based in Serbia, Damjanov has over 15 years of experience in the graphics industry, from making 3D models and animations to creating high-quality visual ...

August 25, 2022
Fintech Company Blocks Fraud Attacks for Financial Institutions With AI and NVIDIA GPUs
E-commerce sales have skyrocketed as more people shop remotely, spurred by the pandemic. But this surge has also led fraudsters to use the opportunity to scam retailers and customers, according to David Sutton, director of analytical technology at ...

August 25, 2022
GFN Thursday Adds ‘Saints Row,’ ‘Genshin Impact’ on Mobile With Touch Controls
Some weeks, GFN Thursday reveals new or unique features. Other weeks, it’s a cool reward. And every week, it offers its members new games. This week, it’s all of the above. First, Saints Row marches into GeForce NOW. Be your own boss in the new ...

August 24, 2022
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Second Quarter Fiscal 2023
NVIDIA today reported revenue for the second quarter ended July 31, 2022, of $6.70 billion, up 3% from a year ago and down 19% from the previous quarter.

August 23, 2022
Learn How Leading Companies Are Building AI Centers of Excellence, at NVIDIA GTC
AI Centers of Excellence are organizational units dedicated to implementing a company-wide AI vision. They help identify business use cases, create an implementation roadmap, accelerate adoption, assess impact and more. NVIDIA GTC, a global ...

August 23, 2022
Shelter From the Storm: AI Helps Gauge Catastrophe Risks
Floods in Kentucky and wildfires in California are the kinds of disasters companies of all sorts are trying to address with AI. Tom Rikert, co-founder and CEO of San Francisco-based startup Masterful AI, is one of many experts helping them manage ...

August 23, 2022
Predict, Detect, Mitigate: AI for Climate Science Takes the Stage at NVIDIA GTC
Recent AI advances enable modeling of weather forecasting 4-5 magnitudes faster than traditional computing methods. The brightest leaders, researchers and developers in climate science, high performance computing and AI will discuss such technology ...

August 23, 2022
3D Artists Reimagine, Remaster Iconic European Architecture This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
A triple threat steps In the NVIDIA Studio this week: a tantalizing trio of talented 3D artists who each reimagined and remastered classic European buildings with individualistic flair. The post 3D Artists Reimagine, Remaster Iconic European ...

August 22, 2022
An AI-Enabled Drone Could Soon Become Every Rhino Poacher’s… Horn Enemy
Watching out for the nearly-extinct two-ton beasts may be the ultimate example of a job best done remotely. The post An AI-Enabled Drone Could Soon Become Every Rhino Poacher’s… Horn Enemy appeared first on NVIDIA Blog.

September 06, 2022
Model Teachers: Startups Make Schools Smarter With Machine Learning
Like two valedictorians, SimInsights and Photomath tell stories worth hearing about how AI is advancing education. SimInsights in Irvine, Calif., uses NVIDIA conversational AI to make virtual and augmented reality classes lifelike for college ...

September 06, 2022
Ridiculously Realistic Renders Rule This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Viral creator turned NVIDIA 3D artist Lorenzo Drago takes viewers on a jaw-dropping journey through Toyama, Japan’s Etchū-Daimon Station this week In the NVIDIA Studio. The post Ridiculously Realistic Renders Rule This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’ ...

September 01, 2022
NVIDIA GTC Dives Into the Industrial Metaverse, Digital Twins
This month’s NVIDIA GTC provides the best opportunity yet to learn how leading companies and their designers, planners and operators are using the industrial metaverse to create physically accurate, perfectly synchronized, AI-enabled digital twins. ...

September 01, 2022
GFN Thursday Slides Into September With 22 New Games
We’d wake you up when September ends, but then you’d miss out on a whole new set of games coming to GeForce NOW. Gear up for 22 games joining the GeForce NOW library, with 19 day-and-date releases including action role-playing game Steelrising. ...

August 31, 2022
Fraunhofer Research Leads Way Into Future of Robotics
Joseph Fraunhofer was a 19th-century pioneer in optics who brought together scientific research with industrial applications. Fast forward to today and Germany’s Fraunhofer Society — Europe’s largest R&D organization — is setting its sights on the ...

August 31, 2022
UN Economic Commission for Africa Engages NVIDIA to Boost Data Science in 10 Nations
NVIDIA is collaborating with the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) to equip governments and developer communities in 10 nations with data science training and technology to support more informed policymaking and accelerate how ...

August 31, 2022
OBS Studio to Release Software Update 28.0 With NVIDIA Broadcast Features ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
In the NVIDIA Studio celebrates the Open Broadcaster Software (OBS) Studio’s 10th anniversary and its 28.0 software release. Plus, popular streamer WATCHHOLLIE shares how she uses OBS and a GeForce RTX 3080 GPU in a single-PC setup to elevate her ...

August 31, 2022
Rendered.ai Founder and CEO Nathan Kundtz on Using AI to Build Better AI
Data is the fuel that makes artificial intelligence run. Training machine learning and AI systems requires data. And the quality of datasets has a big impact on the systems’ results. But compiling quality real-world data for AI and ML can be ...

August 30, 2022
NVIDIA and VMware CEOs Discuss New Era of Enterprise Computing
Reinventing enterprise computing for the modern era, VMware CEO Raghu Raghuram Tuesday announced the availability of the VMware vSphere 8 enterprise workload platform running on NVIDIA DPUs, or data processing units, an initiative formerly known as ...

August 30, 2022
NVIDIA and Dell Technologies Deliver New Data Center Solution for Zero-Trust Security and the Era of AI
Dell PowerEdge Servers Built With NVIDIA DPUs, NVIDIA GPUs and VMware vSphere 8 to Help Enterprises Boost AI Workload Performance and Build Foundation for Zero-Trust Security; Available to Experience Today on NVIDIA LaunchPad
NVIDIA today announced a new data center solution with Dell Technologies designed for the era of AI, bringing state-of-the-art AI training, AI inference, data processing, data science and zero-trust security capabilities to enterprises worldwide.

September 20, 2022
NVIDIA Introduces DLSS 3 With Breakthrough AI-Powered Frame Generation for up to 4x Performance
DLSS 3 Generates Entire Frames in Real Time With AI, Benefiting GPU- and CPU-Limited Games and Apps
NVIDIA today announced NVIDIA® DLSS 3, an AI-powered performance multiplier that kicks off a new era of NVIDIA RTX™ neural rendering for games and applications.

September 20, 2022
NVIDIA Delivers Quantum Leap in Performance, Introduces New Era of Neural Rendering With GeForce RTX 40 Series
Powered by Ada Lovelace Architecture and DLSS 3; Third-Gen RTX up to 4x Faster Than NVIDIA Ampere Architecture GPUs
NVIDIA today unveiled the GeForce RTX® 40 Series of GPUs, designed to deliver revolutionary performance for gamers and creators, led by its new flagship, the RTX 4090 GPU, with up to 4x the performance of its predecessor.

September 15, 2022
Meet the Omnivore: Christopher Scott Constructs Architectural Designs, Virtual Environments With NVIDIA Omniverse
Growing up in a military family, Christopher Scott moved more than 30 times, which instilled in him “the ability to be comfortable with, and even motivated by, new environments,” he said. The post Meet the Omnivore: Christopher Scott Constructs ...

September 15, 2022
GFN Thursday Delivers Seven New Games This Week
TGIGFNT: thank goodness it’s GFN Thursday. Start your weekend early with seven new games joining the GeForce NOW library of over 1,400 titles. Whether it’s streaming on an older-than-the-dinosaurs PC, a Mac that normally couldn’t dream of playing PC ...

September 14, 2022
Reinventing the Wheel: Gatik’s Apeksha Kumavat Accelerates Autonomous Delivery for Wal-Mart and More
As consumers expect faster, cheaper deliveries, companies are turning to AI to rethink how they move goods. Foremost among these new systems are “hub-and-spoke,” or middle-mile, operations, where companies place distribution centers closer to retail ...

September 13, 2022
Get up to Speed: Five Reasons Not to Miss NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang’s GTC Keynote Sept. 20
Think fast. Enterprise AI, new gaming technology, the metaverse and the 3D internet, and advanced AI technologies tailored to just about every industry are all coming your way. NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang’s keynote at NVIDIA GTC on Tuesday, ...

September 13, 2022
AI on the Stars: Hyperrealistic Avatars Propel Startup to ‘America’s Got Talent’ Finals
More than 6 million pairs of eyes will be on real-time AI avatar technology in this week’s finale of America’s Got Talent — currently the second-most popular primetime TV show in the U.S.. Metaphysic, a member of the NVIDIA Inception global network ...

September 13, 2022
Concept Designer Ben Mauro Delivers Epic 3D Trailer ‘Huxley’ This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
The gripping sci-fi comic Huxley was brought to life in an action-packed 3D trailer full of excitement and intrigue this week In the NVIDIA Studio. The post Concept Designer Ben Mauro Delivers Epic 3D Trailer ‘Huxley’ This Week ‘In the NVIDIA ...

September 08, 2022
NVIDIA Hopper Sweeps AI Inference Benchmarks in MLPerf Debut
In their debut on the MLPerf industry-standard AI benchmarks, NVIDIA H100 Tensor Core GPUs set world records in inference on all workloads, delivering up to 4.5x more performance than previous-generation GPUs. The results demonstrate that Hopper is ...

September 08, 2022
GeForce NOW Supports Over 1,400 Games Streaming Instantly
This GFN Thursday marks a milestone: With the addition of six new titles this week, more than 1,400 games are now available to stream from the GeForce NOW library. Plus, GeForce NOW members streaming to supported Smart TVs from Samsung and LG can ...

September 20, 2022
NVIDIA Isaac Nova Orin Opens New Era of Innovation for Autonomous Mobile Robots
Next-day packages. New vehicle deliveries. Fresh organic produce. Each of these modern conveniences is accelerated by fleets of mobile robots. NVIDIA today is announcing updates to Nova Orin — an autonomous mobile robot (AMR) reference platform — ...

September 20, 2022
NVIDIA Unveils DRIVE Thor — Centralized Car Computer Unifying Cluster, Infotainment, Automated Driving, and Parking in a Single, Cost-Saving System
Wielding 2,000 Teraflops of Performance, Platform Integrates Next-Gen GPU and Transformer Engine to Support AI Workloads for Safe and Secure Autonomous Vehicles; ZEEKR First Customer, With Initial Production Vehicles Planned for Early 2025
NVIDIA today introduced NVIDIA DRIVE™ Thor, its next-generation centralized computer for safe and secure autonomous vehicles.

September 20, 2022
NVIDIA Launches Omniverse Cloud Services for Building and Operating Industrial Metaverse Applications
Company’s First SaaS Offering Includes Omniverse Cloud Nucleus, DRIVE Sim, Isaac Sim, Replicator for Synthetic Data Generation; Initial Customers Include RIMAC Group, Siemens, WPP
NVIDIA today announced its first software- and infrastructure-as-a-service offering — NVIDIA Omniverse™ Cloud — a comprehensive suite of cloud services for artists, developers and enterprise teams to design, publish, operate and experience metaverse ...

September 20, 2022
On Track: Digitale Schiene Deutschland Building Digital Twin of Rail Network in NVIDIA Omniverse
Deutsche Bahn’s rail network consists of 5,700 stations and 33,000 kilometers of track, making it the largest in Western Europe. Digitale Schiene Deutschland (Digital Rail for Germany, or DSD), part of Germany’s national railway operator Deutsche ...

September 20, 2022
Reinventing Retail: Lowe’s Teams With NVIDIA and Magic Leap to Create Interactive Store Digital Twins
With tens of millions of weekly transactions across its more than 2,000 stores, Lowe’s helps customers achieve their home-improvement goals. Now, the Fortune 50 retailer is experimenting with high-tech methods to elevate both the associate and ...

September 20, 2022
Experience the Future of Vehicle Infotainment: NVIDIA DRIVE Concierge Brings Customized AI to Every Seat
With NVIDIA DRIVE, in-vehicle infotainment, or IVI, is so much more than just giving directions and playing music. NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang demonstrated the capabilities of a truly IVI experience during today’s GTC keynote. Using ...

September 20, 2022
NVIDIA DRIVE Thor Strikes AI Performance Balance, Uniting AV and Cockpit on a Single Computer
The next generation of autonomous vehicle computing is improving performance and efficiency at the speed of light. During today’s GTC keynote, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang unveiled DRIVE Thor, a superchip of epic proportions. The ...

September 20, 2022
HEAVY.AI Delivers Digital Twin for Telco Network Planning and Operations Based on NVIDIA Omniverse
Telecoms began touting the benefits of 5G networks six years ago. Yet the race to deliver ultrafast wireless internet today resembles a contest between the tortoise and the hare, as some mobile network operators struggle with costly and complex ...

September 20, 2022
Reconstructing the Real World in DRIVE Sim With AI
Autonomous vehicle simulation poses two challenges: generating a world with enough detail and realism that the AI driver perceives the simulation as real, as well as creating simulations at a large enough scale to cover all the cases on which the AI ...

September 20, 2022
NVIDIA’s New Ada Lovelace RTX GPU Arrives for Designers and Creators
RTX 6000 GPU Provides 2-4x Performance Improvement in Enterprise Workflows; Global Manufacturers to Ship Starting in Q4
Opening a new era of neural graphics that marries AI and simulation, NVIDIA today announced the NVIDIA RTX™ 6000 workstation GPU, based on its new NVIDIA Ada Lovelace architecture.

September 20, 2022
NVIDIA Expands Large Language Models to Biology
As scientists probe for new insights about DNA, proteins and other building blocks of life, the NVIDIA BioNeMo framework — announced today at NVIDIA GTC — will accelerate their research. NVIDIA BioNeMo is a framework for training and deploying large ...

September 20, 2022
NVIDIA Launches Large Language Model Cloud Services to Advance AI and Digital Biology
NVIDIA NeMo LLM Service Helps Developers Customize Massive Language Models; NVIDIA BioNeMo Service Helps Researchers Generate and Predict Molecules, Proteins, DNA
NVIDIA today announced two new large language model cloud AI services — the NVIDIA NeMo Large Language Model Service and the NVIDIA BioNeMo LLM Service — that enable developers to easily adapt LLMs and deploy customized AI applications for content ...

September 20, 2022
Growing Range of Researchers, Scientists Adopt NVIDIA cuQuantum and QODA
In her 18 years as a competitive figure skater, Bettina Heim learned to land a lutz with speed and grace. Now, armed with a Ph.D. in quantum computing, she’s helping Microsoft Azure Quantum carve out a position at the cutting edge of cloud services. ...

September 20, 2022
NVIDIA Introduces Open-Source Project to Accelerate Computer Vision Cloud Applications
Promising to help process images faster and more efficiently at a vast scale, NVIDIA introduced CV-CUDA, an open-source library for building accelerated end-to-end computer vision and image processing pipelines. The majority of internet traffic is ...

September 20, 2022
NVIDIA Robotics Software Jumps to the Cloud, Enabling Collaborative, Accelerated Development of Robots
Robotics developers can span global teams testing for navigation of environments, underscoring the importance of easy access to simulation software for quick input and iterations. At GTC today, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang announced that the ...

September 20, 2022
Creativity Redefined: New GeForce RTX 40 Series GPUs and NVIDIA Studio Updates Accelerate AI Revolution
Content creation is booming at an unprecedented rate. Whether it’s a 3D artist sculpting a beautiful piece of art or an aspiring influencer editing their next hit TikTok, more than 110 million professional and hobbyist artists worldwide are creating ...

September 20, 2022
NVIDIA Medical Edge AI Computing Platform Selected by Top Robotic and Digital Surgery Startups
NVIDIA today introduced the NVIDIA IGX platform for medical edge AI use cases, bringing advanced security and safety to intelligent machines and human-machine collaboration. IGX is a hardware and software platform that delivers secure, low-latency ...

September 20, 2022
NVIDIA Launches IGX Edge AI Computing Platform for Safe, Secure Autonomous Systems
Platform Advances Human-Machine Collaboration Across Manufacturing, Logistics and Healthcare
NVIDIA today introduced the NVIDIA IGX platform for high-precision edge AI, bringing advanced security and proactive safety to sensitive industries such as manufacturing, logistics and healthcare.

September 20, 2022
New NVIDIA IGX Platform Helps Create Safe, Autonomous Factories of the Future
NVIDIA today introduced the IGX edge AI computing platform for secure, safe autonomous systems. IGX brings together hardware with programmable safety extensions, commercial operating-system support and powerful AI software — enabling organizations ...

September 20, 2022
NVIDIA Jetson Orin Nano Sets New Standard for Entry-Level Edge AI and Robotics With 80x Performance Leap
Canon, John Deere, Microsoft Azure, Teradyne, TK Elevator Join Over 1,000 Customers Adopting Jetson Orin Family Within Six Months of Launch
NVIDIA today expanded the NVIDIA® Jetson™ lineup with the launch of new Jetson Orin Nano™ system-on-modules that deliver up to 80x the performance over the prior generation, setting a new standard for entry-level edge AI and robotics.

September 20, 2022
New NVIDIA DGX System Software and Infrastructure Solutions Supercharge Enterprise AI
At GTC today, NVIDIA unveiled a number of updates to its DGX portfolio to power new breakthroughs in enterprise AI development. NVIDIA DGX H100 systems are now available for order. These infrastructure building blocks support NVIDIA’s full-stack ...

September 20, 2022
Keynote Wrap-Up: NVIDIA CEO Unveils Next-Gen RTX GPUs, AI Workflows in the Cloud
New cloud services to support AI workflows and the launch of a new generation of GeForce RTX GPUs featured today in NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang’s GTC keynote, which was packed with new systems, silicon, and software. “Computing is advancing at ...

September 20, 2022
NVIDIA Omniverse ACE Enables Easier, Faster Deployment of Interactive Avatars
Meet Violet, an AI-powered customer service assistant ready to take your order. Unveiled this week at GTC, Violet is a cloud-based avatar that represents the latest evolution in avatar development through NVIDIA Omniverse Avatar Cloud Engine (ACE), ...

September 20, 2022
New NVIDIA Maxine Cloud-Native Architecture Delivers Breakthrough Audio and Video Quality at Scale
The latest release of NVIDIA Maxine is paving the way for real-time audio and video communications. Whether for a video conference, a call made to a customer service center, or a live stream, Maxine enables clear communications to enhance virtual ...

September 20, 2022
NVIDIA and Deloitte to Bring New Services Built on NVIDIA AI and Omniverse Platforms to the World’s Enterprises
Companies’ Expanded Alliance Will Help Enterprises Worldwide Easily Build and Operate State-of-the-Art AI and Metaverse Services, Including IoT Edge AI, Speech AI, Recommenders, Customer Service Chatbots, Cybersecurity, Digital Twins and More
NVIDIA and Deloitte today announced an expansion of their alliance to help enable enterprises around the world to develop, implement and deploy hybrid-cloud solutions using the NVIDIA AI and NVIDIA Omniverse™ Enterprise platforms.

September 20, 2022
NVIDIA Announces OVX Computing Systems — the Graphics and Simulation Foundation for the Metaverse — Powered by Ada Lovelace GPU
GIGABYTE, H3C, Inspur, Lenovo, QCT and Supermicro to Offer OVX Systems; BMW Group and Jaguar Land Rover Among First Customers to Receive OVX Systems
NVIDIA today announced the second generation of NVIDIA OVX™, powered by the NVIDIA Ada Lovelace GPU architecture and enhanced networking technology, to deliver groundbreaking real-time graphics, AI and digital twin simulation capabilities.

September 20, 2022
NVIDIA and Booz Allen Hamilton Expand Partnership to Bring AI-Enabled Cybersecurity to Public and Private Sectors
Companies to Provide Services and NVIDIA AI-Accelerated Cybersecurity Platform to Analyze Massive Amounts of Data, Pinpoint Threats Faster
NVIDIA and Booz Allen Hamilton (NYSE: BAH) today announced an expanded collaboration to bring an AI-enabled, GPU-accelerated cybersecurity platform to customers in the public and private sectors.

September 20, 2022
Why the New NVIDIA Grace Hopper Superchip Is Ideal for Next-Gen Recommender Systems
Recommender systems, the economic engines of the internet, are getting a new turbocharger: the NVIDIA Grace Hopper Superchip. Every day, recommenders serve up trillions of search results, ads, products, music and news stories to billions of people. ...

September 20, 2022
NVIDIA Hopper in Full Production
World’s Leading Computer Makers Dell Technologies, HPE, Lenovo, Supermicro, Plus Cloud Service Providers AWS, Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure, Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Building H100-Based Offerings; Availability Begins Next Month
NVIDIA today announced that the NVIDIA H100 Tensor Core GPU is in full production, with global tech partners planning in October to roll out the first wave of products and services based on the groundbreaking NVIDIA Hopper™ architecture.

September 20, 2022
The Broad Institute and NVIDIA Bring NVIDIA Clara to Terra Cloud Platform Serving 25,000 Researchers Advancing Biomedical Discovery
Partnership Accelerates Genome Analysis Workflows; Teams to Co-Develop Large Language Models for Discovery and Development of Targeted Therapies
NVIDIA today announced a partnership with the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard to provide the Terra cloud platform and its over 25,000 users — from biomedical researchers in academia, startups and large pharma companies — with the AI and ...

September 29, 2022
All This and Mor-a Are Yours With Exclusive ‘Genshin Impact’ GeForce NOW Membership Reward
It’s good to be a GeForce NOW member. Genshin Impact’s new Version 3.1 update launches this GFN Thursday, just in time for the game’s second anniversary. Even better: GeForce NOW members can get an exclusive starter pack reward, perfect for their ...

September 28, 2022
Video Virtuoso Sabour Amirazodi Shares AI-Powered Editing Tips This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
NVIDIA artist Sabour Amirazodi demonstrates his video editing workflows featuring AI this week in a special edition of In the NVIDIA Studio. The post Video Virtuoso Sabour Amirazodi Shares AI-Powered Editing Tips This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’ ...

September 23, 2022
World-Class: NVIDIA Research Builds AI Model to Populate Virtual Worlds With 3D Objects, Characters
The massive virtual worlds created by growing numbers of companies and creators could be more easily populated with a diverse array of 3D buildings, vehicles, characters and more — thanks to a new AI model from NVIDIA Research. Trained using only 2D ...

September 22, 2022
Go Hands On: Logitech G CLOUD Launches With Support for GeForce NOW
When it rains, it pours. And this GFN Thursday brings a downpour of news for GeForce NOW members. The Logitech G CLOUD is the latest gaming handheld device to support GeForce NOW, giving members a brand new way to keep the gaming going. But that’s ...

September 22, 2022
Continental and AEye Join NVIDIA DRIVE Sim Sensor Ecosystem, Providing Rich Capabilities for AV Development
Autonomous vehicle sensors require the same rigorous testing and validation as the car itself, and one simulation platform is up to the task. Global tier-1 supplier Continental and software-defined lidar maker AEye announced this week at NVIDIA GTC ...

September 21, 2022
Inside AI: NVIDIA DRIVE Ecosystem Creates Pioneering In-Cabin Features With NVIDIA DRIVE IX
As personal transportation becomes electrified and automated, time in the vehicle has begun to resemble that of a living space rather than a mind-numbing commute. Companies are creating innovative ways for drivers and passengers to make the most of ...

September 21, 2022
HARMAN to Deliver Immersive In-Vehicle Experience With NVIDIA DRIVE IX
Breakthroughs in centralized, high performance computing aren’t just opening up new functionality for autonomous driving, but for the in-vehicle experience as well. With the introduction of NVIDIA DRIVE Thor, automakers can build unified AI compute ...

September 21, 2022
Now You’re Speaking My Language: NVIDIA Riva Sets New Bar for Fully Customizable Speech AI
Whether for virtual assistants, transcriptions or contact centers, voice AI services are turning words and conversations into bits and bytes of business magic. Today at GTC, NVIDIA announced new additions to NVIDIA Riva, a GPU-accelerated software ...

September 21, 2022
A Podcast With Teeth: How Overjet Brings AI to Dentists’ Offices
Dentists get a bad rap. Dentists also get more people out of more aggravating pain than just about anyone. Which is why the more technology dentists have, the better. Overjet, a member of the NVIDIA Inception program for startups, is moving fast to ...

September 20, 2022
No Hang Ups With Hangul: KT Trains Smart Speakers, Customer Call Centers With NVIDIA AI
South Korea’s most popular AI voice assistant, GiGA Genie, converses with 8 million people each day. The AI-powered speaker from telecom company KT can control TVs, offer real-time traffic updates and complete a slew of other home-assistance tasks ...

October 12, 2022
What Is Green Computing?
Everyone wants green computing. Mobile users demand maximum performance and battery life. Businesses and governments increasingly require systems that are powerful yet environmentally friendly. And cloud services must respond to global demands ...

October 12, 2022
GeForce RTX 4090 GPU Arrives, Enabling New World-Building Possibilities for 3D Artists This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
This week 'In the NVIDIA Studio' creators can now pick up the GeForce RTX 4090 GPU, available from top add-in card providers including ASUS, Colorful, Gainward, Galaxy, GIGABYTE, INNO3D, MSI, Palit, PNY and ZOTAC, as well as from system integrators ...

October 10, 2022
Beyond Words: Large Language Models Expand AI’s Horizon
Back in 2018, BERT got people talking about how machine learning models were learning to read and speak. Today, large language models, or LLMs, are growing up fast, showing dexterity in all sorts of applications. They’re, for one, speeding drug ...

October 06, 2022
Fall Into October With 25 New Games Streaming on GeForce NOW
Cooler weather, the changing colors of the leaves, the needless addition of pumpkin spice to just about everything, and discount Halloween candy are just some things to look forward to in the fall. GeForce NOW members can add one more thing to the ...

October 05, 2022
Researchers Use AI to Help Earbud Users Mute Background Noise
Thanks to earbuds, people can take calls anywhere, while doing anything. The problem: those on the other end of the call can hear all the background noise, too, whether it’s the roommate’s vacuum cleaner or neighboring conversations at a café. Now, ...

October 05, 2022
Meet the Omnivore: Ph.D. Student Lets Anyone Bring Simulated Bots to Life With NVIDIA Omniverse Extension
When not engrossed in his studies toward a Ph.D. in statistics, conducting data-driven research on AI and robotics, or enjoying his favorite hobby of sailing, Yizhou Zhao is winning contests for developers who use NVIDIA Omniverse — a platform for ...

October 05, 2022
AI Esperanto: Large Language Models Read Data With NVIDIA Triton
Julien Salinas wears many hats. He’s an entrepreneur, software developer and, until lately, a volunteer fireman in his mountain village an hour’s drive from Grenoble, a tech hub in southeast France. He’s nurturing a two-year old startup, NLP Cloud, ...

October 04, 2022
Searidge Technologies Offers a Safety Net for Airports
Planes taxiing for long periods due to ground traffic — or circling the airport while awaiting clearance to land — don’t just make travelers impatient. They burn fuel unnecessarily, harming the environment and adding to airlines’ costs. Searidge ...

October 04, 2022
Creator EposVox Shares Streaming Lessons, Successes This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
TwitchCon — the world’s top gathering of live streamers – kicks off Friday with the new line of GeForce RTX 40 Series GPUs bringing incredible new technology — from AV1 to AI — to elevate live streams for aspiring and professional Twitch creators ...

September 29, 2022
The Wheel Deal: ‘Racer RTX’ Demo Revs to Photorealistic Life, Built on NVIDIA Omniverse
NVIDIA artists ran their engines at full throttle for the stunning Racer RTX demo, which debuted at last week’s GTC keynote, showcasing the power of NVIDIA Omniverse and the new GeForce RTX 4090 GPU. “Our goal was to create something that had never ...

October 18, 2022
Meta’s Grand Teton Brings NVIDIA Hopper to Its Data Centers
Meta today announced its next-generation AI platform, Grand Teton, including NVIDIA’s collaboration on design. Compared to the company’s previous generation Zion EX platform, the Grand Teton system packs in more memory, network bandwidth and compute ...

October 18, 2022
Oracle and NVIDIA Partner to Speed AI Adoption for Enterprises
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Gets Supercharged with Major GPU Expansion Supporting End-to-End NVIDIA AI Software and Services
Expanding their longstanding alliance, Oracle and NVIDIA today announced a multi-year partnership to help customers solve business challenges with accelerated computing and AI. The collaboration aims to bring the full NVIDIA accelerated computing ...


October 18, 2022
Adobe MAX Kicks Off With Creative App Updates and 3D Artist Anna Natter Impresses This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Editor’s note: This post is part of our weekly In the NVIDIA Studio series, which celebrates featured artists, offers creative tips and tricks, and demonstrates how NVIDIA Studio technology improves creative workflows. In the coming weeks, we’ll be ...

October 17, 2022
Souped-Up Auto Quotes: ProovStation Delivers GPU-Driven AI Appraisals
Vehicle appraisals are getting souped up with a GPU-accelerated AI overhaul. ProovStation, a four-year-old startup based in Lyon, France, is taking on the ambitious computer-vision quest of automating vehicle inspection and repair estimates, aiming ...

October 14, 2022
AI Supercomputer to Power $200 Million Oregon State University Innovation Complex
As a civil engineer, Scott Ashford used explosives to make the ground under Japan’s Sendai airport safer in an earthquake. Now, as the dean of the engineering college at Oregon State University, he’s at ground zero of another seismic event. In its ...

October 13, 2022
Hello, World: NIO Expands Global Footprint With Intelligent Vehicle Experiences
When it comes to reimagining the next generation of automotive, NIO is thinking outside the car. This month, the China-based electric vehicle maker introduced its lineup to four new countries in Europe — Denmark, Germany, the Netherlands and Sweden ...

October 13, 2022
Learn How NVIDIA Advances AI for Enterprises, at Oracle CloudWorld
NVIDIA and Oracle are teaming to make the power of AI accessible to enterprises across industries. These include healthcare, financial services, automotive and a broad range of natural language processing use cases driven by large language models, ...

October 13, 2022
Press Art to Continue: New AI Tools Promise Art With the Push of a Button — But Reality Is More Complicated
Alien invasions. Gritty dystopian megacities. Battlefields swarming with superheroes. As one of Hollywood’s top concept artists, Drew Leung can visualize any world you can think of, except one where AI takes his job. He would know. He’s spent the ...

October 13, 2022
GeForce NOW Streams High-Res, 120-FPS PC Gaming to World’s First Cloud Gaming Chromebooks
High-end PC gaming arrives on more devices this GFN Thursday. GeForce NOW RTX 3080 members can now stream their favorite PC games at up to 1600p and 120 frames per second in a Chrome browser. No downloads, no installs, just victory. Even better, ...

October 12, 2022
Large and Fully Charged: Polestar 3 Sets New Standard for Premium Electric SUVs
The age of electric vehicles has arrived and, with it, an entirely new standard for premium SUVs. Polestar, the performance EV brand spun out from Volvo Cars, launched its third model today in Copenhagen. With the Polestar 3, the automaker has taken ...

October 27, 2022
Neural NETA: Automaker Selects NVIDIA DRIVE Orin for AI-Powered Vehicles
One of China’s popular battery-electric startups now has the brains to boot. NETA Auto, a Zheijiang-based electric automaker, this week announced it will build its future electric vehicles on the NVIDIA DRIVE Orin platform. These EVs will be ...

October 27, 2022
Microsoft Experience Centers Display Scalable, Real-Time Graphics With NVIDIA RTX and Mosaic Technology
When customers walk into a Microsoft Experience Center in New York City, Sydney or London, they’re instantly met with stunning graphics displayed on multiple screens and high-definition video walls inside a multi-story building. Built to showcase ...

October 27, 2022
Make Gaming a Priority: Special Membership Discount Hits GeForce NOW for Limited Time
This spook-tacular Halloween edition of GFN Thursday features a special treat: 40% off a six-month GeForce NOW Priority Membership — get it for just $29.99 for a limited time. Several sweet new games are also joining the GeForce NOW library. ...

October 26, 2022
Jetson-Driven Grub Getter: Cartken Rolls Out Robots-as-a-Service for Deliveries
There’s a new sidewalk-savvy robot, and it’s delivering coffee, grub and a taste of fun. The bot is garnering interest for Oakland, Calif., startup Cartken. The company, founded in 2019, has rapidly deployed robots for a handful of customer ...

October 25, 2022
3D Artist SouthernShotty Creates Wholesome Characters This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
This week 'In the NVIDIA Studio,' we’re highlighting 3D and motion graphics artist SouthernShotty — and scenes from his soon-to-be released short film, Watermelon Girl. The post 3D Artist SouthernShotty Creates Wholesome Characters This Week ‘In the ...

October 24, 2022
Keep On Trucking: SenSen Harnesses Drones, NVIDIA Jetson, Metropolis to Inspect Trucks
Sensor AI solutions specialist SenSen has turned to the NVIDIA Jetson edge AI platform to help regulators track heavy vehicles moving across Australia. Australia’s National Heavy Vehicle Regulator, or NHVR, has a big job — ensuring the safety of ...

October 24, 2022
What Are Graph Neural Networks?
When two technologies converge, they can create something new and wonderful — like cellphones and browsers were fused to forge smartphones. Today, developers are applying AI’s ability to find patterns to massive graph databases that store ...

October 20, 2022
Get in Touch With New Mobile Gaming Controls on GeForce NOW
GeForce NOW expands touch control support to 13 more games this GFN Thursday. That means it’s easier than ever to take PC gaming on the go using mobile devices and tablets. The new “Mobile Touch Controls” row in the GeForce NOW app is the easiest ...

October 19, 2022
How Tarteel Uses AI to Help Arabic Learners Perfect Their Pronunciation
There are some 1.8 billion Muslims, but only 16% or so of them speak Arabic, the language of the Quran. This is in part due to the fact that many Muslims struggle to find qualified instructors to give them feedback on their Quran recitation. Enter ...

October 18, 2022
NVIDIA, Oracle CEOs in Fireside Chat Light Pathways to Enterprise AI
Speeding adoption of enterprise AI and accelerated computing, Oracle CEO Safra Catz and NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang discussed their companies’ expanding collaboration in a fireside chat live streamed today from Oracle CloudWorld in Las ...

November 08, 2022
3D Illustrator Juliestrator Makes Marvelous Mushroom Magic This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
The warm, friendly animation Mushroom Spirit is featured In the NVIDIA Studio this week, modeled by talented 3D illustrator Julie Greenberg, aka Juliestrator. The post 3D Illustrator Juliestrator Makes Marvelous Mushroom Magic This Week ‘In the ...

November 07, 2022
Tiny Computer, Huge Learnings: Students at SMU Build Baby Supercomputer With NVIDIA Jetson Edge AI Platform
“DIY” and “supercomputer” aren’t words typically used together. But a do-it-yourself supercomputer is exactly what students built at Southern Methodist University, in Dallas, using 16 NVIDIA Jetson Nano modules, four power supplies, more than 60 ...

November 04, 2022
Meet the Omnivore: Indie Showrunner Transforms Napkin Doodles Into Animated Shorts With NVIDIA Omniverse
Editor’s note: This post is a part of our Meet the Omnivore series, which features individual creators and developers who use NVIDIA Omniverse to accelerate their 3D workflows and create virtual worlds. 3D artist Rafi Nizam has worn many hats since ...

November 03, 2022
Take the Green Train: NVIDIA BlueField DPUs Drive Data Center Efficiency
The numbers are in, and they paint a picture of data centers going a deeper shade of green, thanks to energy-efficient networks accelerated with data processing units (DPUs). A suite of tests run with help from Ericsson, RedHat and VMware show power ...

November 03, 2022
Unearthing Data: Vision AI Startup Digs Into Digital Twins for Mining and Construction
Skycatch, a San Francisco-based startup, has been helping companies mine both data and minerals for nearly a decade. The software-maker is now digging into the creation of digital twins, with an initial focus on the mining and construction industry, ...

November 03, 2022
Check Out 26 New Games Streaming on GeForce NOW in November
It’s a brand new month, which means this GFN Thursday is all about the new games streaming from the cloud. In November, 26 titles will join the GeForce NOW library. Kick off with 11 additions this week, like Total War: THREE KINGDOMS and new content ...

November 02, 2022
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for Third-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of CallSANTA CLARA, Calif., Nov. 02, 2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA will host a conference call on Wednesday, November 16, at 2 p.m. PT (5 p.m. ...

November 01, 2022
Stormy Weather? Scientist Sharpens Forecasts With AI
Editor’s note: This is the first in a series of blogs on researchers advancing science in the expanding universe of high performance computing. A perpetual shower of random raindrops falls inside a three-foot metal ring Dale Durran erected outside ...

October 31, 2022
GeForce RTX 40 Series Receives Massive Creator App Benefits This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Artists deploying the critically acclaimed GeForce RTX 4090 GPUs are primed to receive significant performance boosts in key creative apps. Plus, a special spook-tober edition of In the NVIDIA Studio features two talented 3D artists and their ...

October 31, 2022
Think Fast: Lotus Eletre Tops Charts in Driving and AI Compute Speeds, Powered by NVIDIA DRIVE Orin
One of the biggest names in racing is going even bigger. Performance automaker Lotus launched its first SUV, the Eletre, earlier this week. The fully electric vehicle sacrifices little in terms of speed and outperforms when it comes to technology. ...

November 14, 2022
Going the Distance: NVIDIA Platform Solves HPC Problems at the Edge
Collaboration among researchers, like the scientific community itself, spans the globe. Universities and enterprises sharing work over long distances require a common language and secure pipeline to get every device — from microscopes and sensors to ...

November 14, 2022
Supercomputing Superpowers: NVIDIA Brings Digital Twin Simulation to HPC Data Center Operators
The technologies powering the world’s 7 million data centers are changing rapidly. The latest have allowed IT organizations to reduce costs even while dealing with exponential data growth. Simulation and digital twins can help data center designers, ...

November 14, 2022
NVIDIA Omniverse Opens Portals for Scientists to Explore Our Universe
3D Simulation and Collaboration Platform Now Supports NVIDIA A100 and H100 Systems; Ecosystem Expands Into HPC With Connections to NVIDIA Modulus, NeuralVDB, and IndeX and Kitware’s ParaView to Accelerate Million-X Scale Discovery
SC22 -- NVIDIA today announced that NVIDIA Omniverse™ — an open computing platform for building and operating metaverse applications — now connects to leading scientific computing visualization software and supports new batch-rendering workloads on ...

November 14, 2022
NVIDIA and Dell Technologies Deliver AI and HPC Performance in Leaps and Bounds With Hopper, at SC22
Whether focused on tiny atoms or the immensity of outer space, supercomputing workloads benefit from the flexibility that the largest systems provide scientists and researchers. To meet the needs of organizations with such large AI and high ...

November 10, 2022
Give the Gift of Gaming With GeForce NOW Gift Cards
The holiday season is approaching, and GeForce NOW has everyone covered. This GFN Thursday brings an easy way to give the gift of gaming with GeForce NOW gift cards, for yourself or for a gamer in your life. Plus, stream 10 new games from the cloud ...

November 09, 2022

What Is Denoising?
Anyone who’s taken a photo with a digital camera is likely familiar with a “noisy” image: discolored spots that make the photo lose clarity and sharpness. Many photographers have tips and tricks to reduce noise in images, including fixing the ...

November 09, 2022
NVIDIA AI Turbocharges Industrial Research, Scientific Discovery in the Cloud on Rescale HPC-as-a-Service Platform
Just like many businesses, the world of industrial scientific computing has a data problem. Solving seemingly intractable challenges — from developing new energy sources and creating new modes of transportation, to addressing mission-critical issues ...

November 09, 2022
NVIDIA Hopper, Ampere GPUs Sweep Benchmarks in AI Training
Two months after their debut sweeping MLPerf inference benchmarks, NVIDIA H100 Tensor Core GPUs set world records across enterprise AI workloads in the industry group’s latest tests of AI training. Together, the results show H100 is the best choice ...

November 09, 2022
New Volvo EX90 SUV Heralds AI Era for Swedish Automaker, Built on NVIDIA DRIVE
It’s a new age for safety. Volvo Cars unveiled the Volvo EX90 SUV today in Stockholm, marking the beginning of a new era of electrification, technology and safety for the automaker. The flagship vehicle is redesigned from tip to tail — with a new ...

November 09, 2022
HORN Free! Roaming Rhinos Could Be Guarded by AI Drones
Call it the ultimate example of a job that’s sometimes best done remotely. Wildlife researchers say rhinos are magnificent beasts, but they like to be left alone, especially when they’re with their young. In the latest example of how researchers are ...

November 17, 2022
Lockheed Martin, NVIDIA to Help US Speed Climate Data to Researchers
The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has selected Lockheed Martin and NVIDIA to build a prototype system to accelerate outputs of Earth Environment Monitoring and their corresponding visualizations. Using AI techniques, such a ...

November 17, 2022
Lockheed Martin, NVIDIA to Build Digital Twin of Current Global Weather Conditions for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
Artificial Intelligence-Driven System Will Fuse Sensor Data to Provide Better, Timely World Picture
Lockheed Martin and NVIDIA today announced a collaboration to build an Artificial Intelligence (AI)-driven Earth Observations Digital Twin that will provide the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) with an efficient and centralized ...

November 16, 2022
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Third Quarter Fiscal 2023
NVIDIA today reported revenue for the third quarter ended October 30, 2022, of $5.93 billion, down 17% from a year ago and down 12% from the previous quarter.

November 16, 2022
GeForce RTX 4080 GPU Launches, Unlocking 1.6x Performance for Creators This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Content creators can now pick up the GeForce RTX 4080 GPU, available from top add-in card providers including ASUS, Colorful, Gainward, Galaxy, GIGABYTE, INNO3D, MSI, Palit, PNY and ZOTAC, as well as from system integrators and builders worldwide. ...

November 16, 2022
NVIDIA Teams With Microsoft to Build Massive Cloud AI Computer
Tens of Thousands of NVIDIA GPUs, NVIDIA Quantum-2 InfiniBand and Full Stack of NVIDIA AI Software Coming to Azure; NVIDIA, Microsoft and Global Enterprises to Use Platform for Rapid, Cost-Effective AI Development and Deployment
NVIDIA today announced a multi-year collaboration with Microsoft to build one of the most powerful AI supercomputers in the world, powered by Microsoft Azure’s advanced supercomputing infrastructure combined with NVIDIA GPUs, networking and full ...

November 15, 2022
Attention, Sports Fans! WSC Sports’ Amos Berkovich on How AI Keeps the Highlights Coming
It doesn’t matter if you love hockey, basketball or soccer. Thanks to the internet, there’s never been a better time to be a sports fan. But editing together so many social media clips, long-form YouTube highlights and other videos from global ...

November 14, 2022
Going Green: New Generation of NVIDIA-Powered Systems Show Way Forward
With the end of Moore’s law, traditional approaches to meet the insatiable demand for increased computing performance will require disproportionate increases in costs and power. At the same time, the need to slow the effects of climate change will ...

November 14, 2022
Nuance Communications and NVIDIA Bring Medical-Imaging AI Models Directly Into Clinical Settings
Mass General Brigham Among First to Accelerate End-to-End AI Model Development and Deployment in Clinical Workflows on the Nuance Precision Imaging Network
HLTH—Nuance Communications, Inc., and NVIDIA today announced a partnership that for the first time puts AI-based diagnostic tools directly into the hands of radiologists and other clinicians at scale, enabling the delivery of improved patient care ...


November 14, 2022
NVIDIA H100 and Quantum-2 Systems Announced Worldwide
NVIDIA Accelerates Scientific Discovery on Microsoft Azure Cloud and 50+ Partner Systems; Releases Major cuQuantum, CUDA and BlueField DOCA Acceleration Library Updates; Expands Omniverse Ecosystem Into Scientific Computing
SC22 -- NVIDIA today announced broad adoption of its next-generation H100 Tensor Core GPUs and Quantum-2 InfiniBand, including new offerings on Microsoft Azure cloud and 50+ new partner systems for accelerating scientific discovery.

November 14, 2022
Speaking the Language of the Genome: Gordon Bell Finalist Applies Large Language Models to Predict New COVID Variants
A finalist for the Gordon Bell special prize for high performance computing-based COVID-19 research has taught large language models (LLMs) a new lingo — gene sequences — that can unlock insights in genomics, epidemiology and protein engineering. ...

November 28, 2022
NVIDIA Partners With NHS Trusts to Deploy AI Platform in UK Hospitals
A consortium of 10 National Health Service Trusts — the publicly funded healthcare system in England — is now deploying the MONAI-based AIDE platform across four of its hospitals, providing AI-enabled disease-detection tools to healthcare ...

November 24, 2022
Turn Black Friday Into Green Thursday With New GeForce NOW Deal
Black Friday is now Green Thursday with a great deal on GeForce NOW this week. For a limited time, get a free $20-value GeForce NOW membership gift card with every purchase of a $50-value GeForce NOW membership gift card. Treat yourself and a buddy ...

November 22, 2022
What Is a Smart Hospital?
Smart hospitals — which utilize data and AI insights to facilitate decision-making at each stage of the patient experience — can provide medical professionals with insights that enable better and faster care. A smart hospital uses data and ...

November 22, 2022
Creators and Artists Take the Spotlight This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
In the NVIDIA Studio artists have sparked the imagination of and inspired countless creators to exceed their creative ambitions and do their best work. The post Creators and Artists Take the Spotlight This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’ appeared first ...

November 21, 2022
Startup Uses Speech AI to Coach Contact-Center Agents Into Boosting Customer Satisfaction
Minerva CQ, a startup based in the San Francisco Bay Area, is making customer service calls quicker and more efficient for both agents and customers, with a focus on those in the energy sector. The NVIDIA Inception member’s name is a mashup of the ...

November 18, 2022
See a Sea Change: 3D Researchers Bring Naval History to Life
Museumgoers will be able to explore two sunken WWII ships as if they were scuba divers on the ocean floor, thanks to work at Curtin University in Perth, Australia. Exhibits in development, for display in Australia and potentially further afield, ...

November 17, 2022
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
SANTA CLARA, Calif., Nov. 17, 2022 -- NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community: Credit Suisse 26th Annual Technology Conference Wednesday, Nov. 30, 7:55 a.m....

November 17, 2022
A Force to Be Reckoned With: Lucid Group Reveals Gravity SUV, Built on NVIDIA DRIVE
Meet the electric SUV with magnetic appeal. Lucid Group unveiled its next act, the Gravity SUV, during the AutoMobility Los Angeles auto show. The automaker also launched additional versions of the hit Lucid Air sedan — Air Pure and Air Touring. ...

November 17, 2022
MoMA Installation Marks Breakthrough for AI Art
AI-generated art has arrived. With a presentation making its debut this week at The Museum of Modern Art in New York City — perhaps the world’s premier institution devoted to modern and contemporary art — the AI technologies that have upended ...

November 17, 2022
Get the Big Picture: Stream GeForce NOW in 4K Resolution on Samsung Smart TVs
Gaming in the living room is getting an upgrade with GeForce NOW. This GFN Thursday, kick off the weekend streaming GeForce NOW on Samsung TVs, with upcoming support for 4K resolution. Get started with the 10 new titles streaming this week. Plus, ...

December 05, 2022
AI at the Point of Care: Startup’s Portable Scanner Diagnoses Brain Stroke in Minutes
For every minute that a stroke is left untreated, the average patient loses nearly 2 million neurons. This means that for each hour in which treatment fails to occur, the brain loses as many neurons as it does in more than three and a half years of ...

December 02, 2022
Speech AI Expands Global Reach With Telugu Language Breakthrough
More than 75 million people speak Telugu, predominantly in India’s southern regions, making it one of the most widely spoken languages in the country. Despite such prevalence, Telugu is considered a low-resource language when it comes to speech AI. ...

December 01, 2022
Meet the Omnivore: Cloud Architect Takes Infrastructure Visualization to New Heights With NVIDIA Omniverse
As a Microsoft Certified Azure cloud specialist and DevOps automation engineer, Gavin Stevens is deeply in tune with cloud architect workflows. The post Meet the Omnivore: Cloud Architect Takes Infrastructure Visualization to New Heights With NVIDIA ...

December 01, 2022
Cheers to AI: Monarch Tractor Launches First Commercially Available Electric, ‘Driver Optional’ Smart Tractor
Livermore, Calif., renowned for research and vineyards, is plowing in a new distinction: the birthplace of the first commercially available smart tractor. Local startup Monarch Tractor has announced the first of six Founder Series MK-V tractors are ...

December 01, 2022
GFN Thursday Dashes Into December With 22 New Games, Including ‘Marvel Midnight Suns’ Streaming Soon
It’s a new month, which means GeForce NOW’s got the list of 22 new games arriving in December. Rise up for Marvel’s Midnight Suns, from publisher 2K Games, streaming on GeForce NOW later this month. Then get ready to move out, members. Battlefield ...

November 30, 2022
Qubit Pharmaceuticals Accelerates Drug Discovery With Hybrid Quantum Computing
The promise of quantum computing is to solve unsolvable problems. And companies are already making headway with hybrid approaches — those that combine classical and quantum computing — to tackle challenges like drug discovery for incurable diseases. ...

November 29, 2022
Siemens Taps Omniverse Replicator on AWS for Synthetic Data Generation to Accelerate Defect Detection Model Development by 5x
Industrial leader Siemens is accelerating development of defect detection models with 3D synthetic data generation from NVIDIA Omniverse, the latest manufacturing gains to emerge from an extended partnership for the industrial metaverse that aims to ...

November 29, 2022
3D Artist and Educator Hsin-Chien Huang Takes VR to the World Stage This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
3D artist, virtual reality expert, storyteller and educator Hsin-Chien Huang shares his unique creator journey and award-winning artwork Samsara this week In the NVIDIA Studio. The post 3D Artist and Educator Hsin-Chien Huang Takes VR to the World ...

November 28, 2022
NVIDIA Wins NeurIPS Awards for Research on Generative AI, Generalist AI Agents
Two NVIDIA Research papers — one exploring diffusion-based generative AI models and another on training generalist AI agents — have been honored with NeurIPS 2022 Awards for their contributions to the field of AI and machine learning. These are ...

November 28, 2022
MAP Once, Run Anywhere: MONAI Introduces Framework for Deploying Medical Imaging AI Apps
Delivering AI-accelerated healthcare at scale will take thousands of neural networks working together to cover the breadth of human physiology, diseases and even hospital operations — a significant challenge in today’s smart hospital environment. ...

December 13, 2022
2023 Predictions: AI That Bends Reality, Unwinds the Golden Screw and Self-Replicates
After three years of uncertainty caused by the pandemic and its post-lockdown hangover, enterprises in 2023 — even with recession looming and uncertainty abounding — face the same imperatives as before: lead, innovate and problem solve. AI is ...

December 13, 2022
Ferrari of Finance: Accelerated Computing Drives Milan Bank Forward
Banks require more than cash in the vault these days, they also need accelerated computing in the back room. “The boost we’re getting with GPUs not only significantly improved our performance at the same cost, it helped us redefine our business and ...

December 13, 2022
Face All Fears With Creative Studio Fabian&Fred This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
The short film I Am Not Afraid! by creative studio FabianFred This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’ appeared first on NVIDIA Blog.

December 08, 2022
What Is a Pretrained AI Model?
Imagine trying to teach a toddler what a unicorn is. A good place to start might be by showing the child images of the creature and describing its unique features. Now imagine trying to teach an artificially intelligent machine what a unicorn is. ...

December 08, 2022
The Hunt Is On: ‘The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt’ Next-Gen Update Coming to GeForce NOW
It’s a wild GFN Thursday — The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt next-gen update will stream on GeForce NOW day and date, starting next week. Today, members can stream new seasons of Fortnite and Genshin Impact, alongside eight new games joining the library. In ...

December 08, 2022
‘23 and AV: Transportation Industry to Drive Into Metaverse, Cloud Technologies
As the autonomous vehicle industry enters the next year, it will start navigating into even greater technology frontiers. Next-generation vehicles won’t just be defined by autonomous driving capabilities. Everything from the design and production ...

December 07, 2022
Visual Effects Artist Jay Lippman Takes Viewers Behind the Camera This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Time to tackle one of the most challenging tasks for aspiring movie makers — creating aesthetically pleasing visual effects — courtesy of visual effects artist and filmmaker Jay Lippman this week In the NVIDIA Studio. The post Visual Effects Artist ...

December 07, 2022
License for the AI Autobahn: NVIDIA AI Enterprise 3.0 Introduces New Tools to Speed Success
From rapidly fluctuating demand to staffing shortages and supply chain complexity, enterprises have navigated numerous challenges the past few years. Many companies seeking strong starts to 2023 are planning to use AI and accelerated computing to ...

December 07, 2022
Banking on AI: Deutsche Bank, NVIDIA to Accelerate Adoption of AI for Financial Services
Deutsche Bank Wednesday announced a partnership with NVIDIA to accelerate the use of AI and machine learning in the financial services sector. The announcement follows months of testing to explore use cases that could support the bank’s strategic ...

December 07, 2022
Hittin’ the Sim: NVIDIA’s Matt Cragun on Conditioning Autonomous Vehicles in Simulation
Training, testing and validating autonomous vehicles requires a continuous pipeline — or data factory — to introduce new scenarios and refine deep neural networks. A key component of this process is simulation. AV developers can test a virtually ...

December 22, 2022
Make Your Spirit Merry and Bright With Hit Games on GeForce NOW This Holiday Season
Gear up for some festive fun this GFN Thursday with some of the GeForce NOW community’s top picks of games to play during the holidays, as well as a new title joining the GeForce NOW library this week. And, following the recent update that enabled ...

December 21, 2022
Top 5 Robots of 2022: Watch Them Change the World
Robots have rolled into action for sustainability in farms, lower energy in food delivery, efficiency in retail inventory, improved throughput in warehouses and just about everything in between — what’s not to love? In addition to reshaping ...

December 21, 2022
Doing the Best They Can: EverestLabs Ensures Fewer Recyclables Go to Landfills
All of us recycle. Or, at least, all of us should. Now, AI is joining the effort. On the latest episode of the NVIDIA AI Podcast, host Noah Kravitz spoke with JD Ambadti, founder and CEO of EverestLabs, developer of RecycleOS, the first AI-enabled ...

December 20, 2022
3D Artist Edward McEvenue Animates Holiday Cheer This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
3D artist Edward McEvenue shares his imaginative, holiday-themed short film "The Great Candy Inquisition" this week In the NVIDIA Studio. The post 3D Artist Edward McEvenue Animates Holiday Cheer This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’ appeared first on ...

December 19, 2022
Top 5 Edge AI Trends to Watch in 2023
With the state of the world under constant flux in 2022, some technology trends were put on hold while others were accelerated. Supply chain challenges, labor shortages and economic uncertainty had companies reevaluating their budgets for new ...

December 16, 2022
AI’s Highlight Reel: Top Five NVIDIA Videos of 2022
If AI had a highlight reel, the NVIDIA YouTube channel might just be it. The channel showcases the latest breakthroughs in artificial intelligence, with demos, keynotes and other videos that help viewers see and believe the astonishing ways in which ...

December 16, 2022
Accelerated Computing, AI and Digital Twins: A Recipe for US Manufacturing Leadership
A national initiative in semiconductors provides a once-in-a-generation opportunity to energize manufacturing in the U.S. The CHIPS and Science Act includes an $13 billion R&D investment in the chip industry. Done right, it’s a recipe for bringing ...

December 16, 2022
Safe Travels: NVIDIA DRIVE OS Receives Premier Safety Certification
To make transportation safer, autonomous vehicles (AVs) must have processes and underlying systems that meet the highest standards. NVIDIA DRIVE OS is the operating system for in-vehicle accelerated computing powered by the NVIDIA DRIVE platform. ...

December 15, 2022
Have a Holly, Jolly Holiday Streaming Top Titles on GeForce NOW
While the weather outside may or may not be frightful this holiday season, new games on GeForce NOW each week make every GFN Thursday delightful. It doesn’t matter whether you’re on the naughty or nice list. With over 1,400 titles streaming from the ...

December 14, 2022
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
SANTA CLARA, Calif., Dec. 14, 2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community: J.P. Morgan 21st Annual Tech/Auto Forum (During the 2023 ...

Read Press release

January 03, 2023
NVIDIA Brings RTX 4080 to GeForce NOW
New Ultimate Membership Offers Cloud Gaming at 240 Frames per Second; Play Fully Ray-Traced ‘Portal With RTX’
NVIDIA today announced GeForce NOW™ is going beyond fast, delivering GeForce RTX™ 4080-class gaming to billions of devices — available exclusively in the new, high-performance Ultimate membership tier.

January 02, 2023
New Year, New Career: 5 Leaders Share Tips for Building a Career in AI
Those looking to join the ranks of AI trailblazers or chart a new course in their careers need look no further. At NVIDIA’s latest GTC conference, industry leaders in a panel called “5 Paths to a Career in AI” shared tips and insights on how to make ...

December 30, 2022
Meet the Omnivore: Music Producer Remixes the Holidays With Newfound Passion for 3D Content Creation
Stephen Tong, aka Funky Boy, has always loved music and photography. He’s now transferring the skills developed over the years as a music producer — shooting time lapses, creating audio tracks and more — to a new passion of his: 3D content creation.

December 29, 2022
NVIDIA to Reveal Consumer, Creative, Auto, Robotics Innovations at CES
NVIDIA executives will share some of the company’s latest innovations Tuesday, Jan. 3, at 8 a.m. Pacific time ahead of this year’s CES trade show in Las Vegas. Jeff Fisher, senior vice president for gaming products, will be joined by Deepu Talla, ...

December 29, 2022
Now Hear This: Top Five AI Podcasts of 2022
One of tech’s top talk shows, the NVIDIA AI Podcast has attracted more than 3.6 million listens to date from folks who want to hear the latest in machine learning. Its 180+ installments so far have included interviews with luminaries like Kai-Fu Lee ...

December 28, 2022
These 6 NVIDIA Jetson Users Win Big at CES in Las Vegas
Six companies with innovative products built using the NVIDIA Jetson edge AI platform will leave CES, one of the world’s largest consumer technology trade shows, as big winners next week. The CES Innovation Awards each year honor outstanding design ...

December 27, 2022
3D Artist Zhelong Xu Revives Chinese Relics This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Artist Zhelong Xu, aka Uncle Light, brought to life Blood Moon — a 3D masterpiece combining imagination, craftsmanship and art styles from the Chinese Bronze Age — along with Kirin, a symbol of hope and good fortune, using NVIDIA technologies.

December 27, 2022
11 Essential Explainers to Keep You in the Know in 2023
These explainers will give you the scoop on the latest tech developments from AI models to green computing.

December 22, 2022
Top Food Stories From 2022: Meet 4 Startups Putting AI on the Plate
This holiday season, feast on the bounty of food-themed stories NVIDIA Blog readers gobbled up in 2022. Startups in the retail industry — and particularly in quick-service restaurants — are using NVIDIA AI and robotics technology to make it easier ...

December 22, 2022
Toy Jensen Rings in Holidays With AI-Powered ‘Jingle Bells’
In a moment of pure serendipity, Lah Yileh Lee and Xinting Lee, a pair of talented singers who often stream their performances online, found themselves performing in a public square in Taipei when NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang happened upon ...

January 03, 2023
Intelligent Design: NVIDIA DRIVE Revolutionizes Vehicle Interior Experiences
AI is extending further into the vehicle as autonomous-driving technology becomes more prevalent. With the NVIDIA DRIVE platform, automakers can design and implement intelligent interior features to continuously surprise and delight customers. It ...

January 03, 2023
Manufactured in the Metaverse: Mercedes-Benz Assembles Next-Gen Factories With NVIDIA Omniverse
Building state-of-the-art factories requires a state-of-the art planning system. Mercedes-Benz announced at CES that it is taking the next step in digitizing its production process, using the NVIDIA Omniverse platform to design and plan ...

January 03, 2023
Game On: NVIDIA GeForce NOW Streams Vast Library of Games to the Car
Autonomous and electric vehicles are making personal transportation safer and more sustainable — as well as more entertaining. At CES today, NVIDIA announced that the NVIDIA GeForce NOW cloud gaming service will be coming to cars, with no special ...

January 03, 2023
NVIDIA GeForce NOW Streams Vast Library of AAA Games to Cars
Hyundai Motor Group, BYD and Polestar First Automakers to Offer NVIDIA Cloud Gaming Service
NVIDIA today announced that the high-performance GeForce NOW™ cloud gaming service will be coming to cars. Hyundai Motor Group, one of the world’s largest automakers with the Hyundai, Kia and Genesis brands; BYD, the world’s leading manufacturer of ...

January 03, 2023
Foxconn Partners With NVIDIA to Build Automated Electric Vehicles
Foxconn to Manufacture NVIDIA DRIVE Orin Computers for Global Automotive Market, Integrate NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion Sensor Architecture for EV Fleets
NVIDIA and Hon Hai Technology Group (Foxconn), the world’s largest technology manufacturer, today announced a strategic partnership to develop automated and autonomous vehicle platforms.

January 03, 2023
New GeForce RTX 40 Series Studio Laptops, Omniverse Updates Accelerate AI-Powered Content Creation ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
The future of content creation was on full display today during NVIDIA’s virtual special address at CES.

January 03, 2023
NVIDIA Advances Simulation for Intelligent Robots With Major Updates to Isaac Sim
Demand for intelligent robots is growing as more industries embrace automation to address supply chain challenges and labor force shortages. The installed base of industrial and commercial robots will grow more than 6.4x — from 3.1 million in 2020 ...

January 03, 2023
NVIDIA Opens Omniverse Portals With Generative AIs for 3D and RTX Remix
Whether creating realistic digital humans that can express raw emotion or building immersive virtual worlds, those in the design, engineering, creative and other industries across the globe are reaching new heights through 3D workflows. Animators, ...

January 03, 2023
Creating Faces of the Future: Build AI Avatars With NVIDIA Omniverse ACE
Developers and teams building avatars and virtual assistants can now register to join the early-access program for NVIDIA Omniverse Avatar Cloud Engine (ACE), a suite of cloud-native AI microservices that make it easier to build and deploy ...

January 03, 2023
NVIDIA Ada Lovelace Breaks Energy-Efficiency Barrier, Supercharges 170+ Laptop Designs for Gamers and Creators
GeForce RTX 40 Series Laptops Deliver Performance of Highest End Desktop PCs With Biggest Generation Leap, DLSS 3 and 5th-Gen Max-Q Technology
NVIDIA today announced GeForce RTX™ 40 Series laptops, powered by its ultra-efficient Ada Lovelace GPU architecture, which delivers the company’s largest-ever generational leap in performance and power efficiency.

January 12, 2023
GFN Thursday Adds New Titles From THQ Nordic to GeForce NOW
GFN Thursday kicks each weekend off with new games and updates straight from the cloud. This week adds more games from publisher THQ Nordic to the GeForce NOW library, as part seven total additions. Members can gear up to play these new titles the ...

January 12, 2023
NVIDIA Helps Retail Industry Tackle Its $100 Billion Shrink Problem
The global retail industry has a $100 billion problem. “Shrinkage” — the loss of goods due to theft, damage and misplacement — significantly crimps retailers’ profits. An estimated 65% of shrinkage is due to theft, according to the National Retail ...

January 11, 2023
3D Artist ‘CG Geek’ Builds Massive Sci-Fi World in Record Time This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
3D and animation extraordinaire CG Geek completed an ambitious design challenge this week In the NVIDIA Studio — building a massive, sci-fi-inspired 3D world in only three days

January 10, 2023
The Greenest Generation: NVIDIA, Intel and Partners Supercharge AI Computing Efficiency
AI is at the heart of humanity’s most transformative innovations — from developing COVID vaccines at unprecedented speeds and diagnosing cancer to powering autonomous vehicles and understanding climate change. Virtually every industry will benefit ...

January 05, 2023
Tipping Point: NVIDIA DRIVE Scales AI-Powered Transportation at CES 2023
Autonomous vehicle (AV) technology is heading to the mainstream. The NVIDIA DRIVE ecosystem showcased significant milestones toward widespread intelligent transportation at CES. Growth is occurring in vehicle deployment plans as well as AI solutions ...

January 05, 2023
GFN Thursday Brings RTX 4080 to the Cloud With GeForce NOW Ultimate Membership
GFN Thursday rings in the new year with a recap of the biggest cloud gaming news from CES 2023: the GeForce NOW Ultimate membership. Powered by the latest NVIDIA GPU technology, Ultimate members can play their favorite PC games at performance never ...

January 04, 2023
Lights! Cameras! Atoms! Scientist Peers Into the Quantum Future
Editor’s note: This is part of a series profiling people advancing science with high performance computing. Ryan Coffee makes movies of molecules. Their impacts are huge. The senior scientist at the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory (above) says ...

January 04, 2023
UF Provost Joe Glover on Building a Leading AI University
When NVIDIA co-founder Chris Malachowsky approached University of Florida Provost Joe Glover with the offer of an AI supercomputer, he couldn’t have predicted the transformative impact it would have on the university. In just a short time, UF has ...

January 03, 2023
NVIDIA Reveals Gaming, Creator, Robotics, Auto Innovations at CES
Powerful new GeForce RTX GPUs, a new generation of hyper-efficient laptops and new Omniverse capabilities and partnerships across the automotive industry were highlights of a news-packed address ahead of this week’s CES trade show in Las Vegas. “AI ...

January 03, 2023
NVIDIA Releases Major Update to Omniverse Enterprise
The latest release of NVIDIA Omniverse Enterprise, available now, brings increased performance, generational leaps in real-time RTX ray and path tracing, and streamlined workflows to help teams build connected 3D pipelines, and develop and operate ...

January 23, 2023
Fresh AI on Security: Digital Fingerprinting Deters Identity Attacks
Add AI to the list of defenses against identity attacks, one of the most common and hardest breach to prevent. More than 40% of all data compromises involved stolen credentials, according to the 2022 Verizon Data Breach Investigations Report. And a ...

January 23, 2023
Booked for Brilliance: Sweden’s National Library Turns Page to AI to Parse Centuries of Data
For the past 500 years, the National Library of Sweden has collected virtually every word published in Swedish, from priceless medieval manuscripts to present-day pizza menus. Thanks to a centuries-old law that requires a copy of everything ...

January 20, 2023
What Is AI Computing?
The abacus, sextant, slide rule and computer. Mathematical instruments mark the history of human progress. They’ve enabled trade and helped navigate oceans, and advanced understanding and quality of life. The latest tool propelling science and ...

January 19, 2023
AI’s Leg Up: Startup Accelerates Robotics Simulation for $8 Trillion Food Market
Robots are finally getting a grip. Developers have been striving to close the gap on robotic gripping for the past several years, pursuing applications for multibillion-dollar industries. Securely gripping and transferring fast-moving items on ...

January 19, 2023
The Ultimate Upgrade: GeForce RTX 4080 SuperPOD Rollout Begins Today
The Ultimate upgrade begins today: GeForce NOW RTX 4080 SuperPODs are now rolling out, bringing a new level of high-performance gaming to the cloud. Ultimate members will start to see RTX 4080 performance in their region soon, and experience titles ...

January 18, 2023
Sequoia Capital’s Pat Grady and Sonya Huang on Generative AI
For insights into the future of generative AI, check out the latest episode of the NVIDIA AI Podcast. Host Noah Kravitz is joined by Pat Grady and Sonya Huang, partners at Sequoia Capital, to discuss their recent essay, “Generative AI: A Creative ...

January 18, 2023
Roll Model: Smart Stroller Pushes Its Way to the Top at CES 2023
As any new mom or dad can tell you, parenting can be a challenge — packed with big worries and small hassles. But it may be about to get a little bit easier thanks to Glüxkind Technologies and their smart stroller, Ella. The company has just been ...

January 18, 2023
Artist Zhelong Xu Brings Chinese Zodiac to Life for Lunar New Year This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
To celebrate the upcoming Lunar New Year holiday, NVIDIA artist Zhelong Xu, aka Uncle Light, brought Chinese zodiac signs to life this week In the NVIDIA Studio — modernizing the ancient mythology in his signature style.

January 17, 2023
NVIDIA and Dell Technologies Expand AI Portfolio
In their largest-ever joint AI initiative, NVIDIA and Dell Technologies today launched a wave of Dell PowerEdge systems available with NVIDIA acceleration, enabling enterprises to efficiently transform their businesses with AI. A total of 15 ...

January 12, 2023
NVIDIA, Evozyne Create Generative AI Model for Proteins
Using a pretrained AI model from NVIDIA, startup Evozyne created two proteins with significant potential in healthcare and clean energy. A joint paper released today describes the process and the biological building blocks it produced. One aims to ...

February 01, 2023
Meet the Omnivore: Architectural Researcher Lights Up Omniverse Scenes With ‘SunPath’ Extension
Things are a lot sunnier these days for designers looking to visualize their projects in NVIDIA Omniverse, a platform for creating and operating metaverse applications.

February 01, 2023
Deloitte’s Nitin Mittal on the Secrets of ‘All-In’ AI Success
Artificial intelligence is the new electricity. The fifth industrial revolution. And companies that go all-in on AI are reaping the rewards. So how do you make that happen? That big question — how? — is explored by Nitin Mittal, principal at ...

January 31, 2023
Cyberpunk 2077 Brings a Taste of the Future With DLSS
Analyst reports. Academic papers. Ph.D. programs. There are a lot of places you can go to get a glimpse of the future. But the best place might just be El Coyote Cojo, a whiskey-soaked dive bar that doesn’t exist in real life. Fire up Cyberpunk 2077 ...

January 31, 2023
Broadcaster ‘Nilson1489’ Shares Livestreaming Techniques and More This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Broadcasters have an arsenal of new features and technologies at their disposal; the eighth-generation NVIDIA video encoder on RTX 40 Series GPUs with support for the open AV1 video-coding format; new NVIDIA Broadcast app effects like Eye Contact ...

January 26, 2023
What Are Large Language Models Used For?
AI applications are summarizing articles, writing stories and engaging in long conversations — and large language models are doing the heavy lifting. A large language model, or LLM, is a deep learning algorithm that can recognize, summarize, ...

January 26, 2023
DLSS 3 Delivers Ultimate Boost in Latest Game Updates on GeForce NOW
GeForce NOW RTX 4080 SuperPODs are rolling out now, bringing RTX 4080-class performance and features to Ultimate members — including support for NVIDIA Ada Lovelace GPU architecture technologies like NVIDIA DLSS 3. This GFN Thursday brings updates ...

January 25, 2023
Braced From Space: Startup Keeps Watchful Eye on Gas Pipeline Leaks Across the Globe
As its name suggests, Orbital Sidekick is creating technology that acts as a buddy in outer space, keeping an eye on the globe using satellites to help keep it safe and sustainable. The San Francisco-based startup, a member of the NVIDIA Inception ...

January 24, 2023
NVIDIA CEO Ignites AI Conversation in Stockholm
Jensen Huang headlines Stockholm AI confab, Berzelius supercomputer upgraded to 94 NVIDIA DGX A100 systems.

January 24, 2023
Supersizing AI: Sweden Turbocharges Its Innovation Engine
Sweden is outfitting its AI supercomputer for a journey to the cutting edge of machine learning, robotics and healthcare. It couldn’t ask for a better guide than Anders Ynnerman (above). His signature blue suit, black spectacles and gentle voice act ...

January 24, 2023
3D Artist Enters the Node Zone, Creating Alien Artifacts This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Artist Ducky 3D creates immersive experiences through vibrant visuals and beautiful 3D environments in the alien-inspired animation Stylized Alien Landscape — this week In the NVIDIA Studio.

February 09, 2023
Crossing Continents: XPENG G9 SUV and P7 Sedan Set Course for Scandinavia, the Netherlands
Electric automaker XPENG’s flagship G9 SUV and P7 sports sedan are now available for order in Sweden, Denmark, Norway and the Netherlands — an expansion revealed last week at the eCar Expo in Stockholm. The intelligent electric vehicles are built on ...

February 09, 2023
3D Artist Brings Ride and Joy to Automotive Designs With Real-Time Renders Using NVIDIA RTX
Designing automotive visualizations can be incredibly time consuming. To make the renders look as realistic as possible, artists need to consider material textures, paints, realistic lighting and reflections, and more. For 3D artist David Baylis, ...

February 09, 2023
Gather Your Party: GFN Thursday Brings ‘Baldur’s Gate 3’ to the Cloud
Venture to the Forgotten Realms this GFN Thursday in Baldur’s Gate 3, streaming on GeForce NOW. Celebrations for the cloud gaming service’s third anniversary continue with a Dying Light 2 reward that’s to die for. It’s the cherry on top of three new ...

February 08, 2023
New NVIDIA Studio Laptops Powered by GeForce RTX 4090, 4080 Laptop GPUs Unleash Creativity
The first NVIDIA Studio laptops powered by GeForce RTX 40 Series Laptop GPUs are now available, starting with systems from MSI and Razer — with many more to come.

February 07, 2023
Vietnam’s VinBrain Deploys Healthcare AI Models to 100+ Hospitals
Doctors rarely make diagnoses based on a single factor — they look at a mix of data types, such as a patient’s symptoms, laboratory and radiology reports, and medical history. VinBrain, a Vietnam-based health-tech startup, is ensuring that AI ...

February 06, 2023
AI Joins Hunt for ET: Study Finds 8 Potential Alien Signals
A University of Toronto undergrad among an international team of researchers unleashing deep learning in the search for extraterrestrial civilizations.

February 02, 2023
Three Cheers: GFN Thursday Celebrates Third Anniversary With 25 New Games
Cheers to another year of cloud gaming! GeForce NOW celebrates its third anniversary with a look at how far cloud gaming has come, a community celebration and 25 new games supported in February. Members can celebrate all month long, starting with a ...

February 02, 2023
NVIDIA A100 Aces Throughput, Latency Results in Key Inference Benchmark for Financial Services Industry
NVIDIA A100 Tensor Core GPUs running on Supermicro servers have captured leading results for inference in the latest STAC-ML Markets benchmark, a key technology performance gauge for the financial services industry. The results show NVIDIA ...

February 02, 2023
Survey Reveals Financial Industry’s Top 4 AI Priorities for 2023
For several years, NVIDIA has been working with some of the world’s leading financial institutions to develop and execute a wide range of rapidly evolving AI strategies. For the past three years, we’ve asked them to tell us collectively what’s on ...

February 01, 2023
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for Fourth-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of CallSANTA CLARA, Calif., Feb. 01, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA will host a conference call on Wednesday, February 22, at 2 p.m. PT (5 p.m. ...

February 21, 2023
Microsoft and NVIDIA Announce Expansive New Gaming Deal
Partnership will bring blockbuster lineup of Xbox games, including 'Minecraft' and Activision titles like 'Call of Duty,' to NVIDIA GeForce NOW cloud gaming service
Microsoft and NVIDIA today announced the companies have agreed to a 10-year partnership to bring Xbox PC games to the NVIDIA® GeForce NOW™ cloud gaming service, which has more than 25 million members in over 100 countries.


February 21, 2023
Survey Reveals How Telcos Plan to Ring in Change Using AI
The telecommunications industry has for decades helped advance revolutionary change – enabling everything from telephones and television to online streaming and self-driving cars. Yet the industry has long been considered an evolutionary mover in ...

February 21, 2023
NVIDIA GTC 2023 to Feature Latest Advances in AI Computing Systems, Generative AI, Industrial Metaverse, Robotics; Keynote by Jensen Huang; Talks by OpenAI, DeepMind Founders
Virtual Conference to Offer 650+ Sessions From Leaders in Technology, Business, Academia and Government, March 20-23
NVIDIA today announced that company founder and CEO Jensen Huang will deliver the opening keynote at GTC 2023, covering the latest advancements in generative AI, the metaverse, large language ...

February 16, 2023
Transportation Generation: See How AI and the Metaverse Are Shaping the Automotive Industry at GTC
Novel AI technologies are generating images, stories and, now, new ways to imagine the automotive future. At NVIDIA GTC, a global conference for the era of AI and the metaverse running online March 20-23, industry luminaries working on these ...

February 16, 2023
UK’s Conservation AI Makes Huge Leap Detecting Threats to Endangered Species Across the Globe
The video above represents one of the first times that a pangolin, one of the world’s most critically endangered species, was detected in real time using artificial intelligence. A U.K.-based nonprofit called Conservation AI made this possible with ...

February 16, 2023
Rise to the Cloud: ‘Monster Hunter Rise’ and ‘Sunbreak’ Expansion Coming Soon to GeForce NOW
Fellow Hunters, get ready! This GFN Thursday welcomes Capcom’s Monster Hunter Rise and the expansion Sunbreak to the cloud, arriving soon for members. Settle down for the weekend with 10 new games supported in the GeForce NOW library, including The ...

February 15, 2023
Redefining Workstations: NVIDIA, Intel Unlock Full Potential of Creativity and Productivity for Professionals
AI-augmented applications, photorealistic rendering, simulation and other technologies are helping professionals achieve business-critical results from multi-app workflows faster than ever. Running these data-intensive, complex workflows, as well as ...

February 15, 2023
Blender Alpha Release Comes to Omniverse, Introducing Scene Optimization Tools, Improved AI-Powered Character Animation
Whether creating realistic digital humans that can express emotion or building immersive virtual worlds, 3D artists can reach new heights with NVIDIA Omniverse, a platform for creating and operating metaverse applications. A new Blender alpha ...

February 15, 2023
Making a Splash: AI Can Help Protect Ocean Goers From Deadly Rips
Surfers, swimmers and beachgoers face a hidden danger in the ocean: rip currents. These narrow channels of water can flow away from the shore at speeds up to 2.5 meters per second, making them one of the biggest safety risks for those enjoying the ...

February 14, 2023
3D Creators Share Art From the Heart This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Love and creativity are in the air this Valentine’s Day In the NVIDIA Studio, as 3D artist Molly Brady presents a parody scene inspired by the iconic The Birth of Venus (Redux) painting by Sando Botticelli.

February 27, 2023
NVIDIA Unveils GPU-Accelerated AI-on-5G System for Edge AI, 5G and Omniverse Digital Twins
Telcos are seeking industry-standard solutions that can run 5G, AI applications and immersive graphics workloads on the same server — including for computer vision and the metaverse. To meet this need, NVIDIA is developing a new AI-on-5G solution ...

February 24, 2023
How AI Is Transforming Genomics
Advancements in whole genome sequencing have ignited a revolution in digital biology. Genomics programs across the world are gaining momentum as the cost of high-throughput, next-generation sequencing has declined. Whether used for sequencing ...

February 24, 2023
Sun in Their AIs: Nonprofit Forecasts Solar Energy for UK Grid
Cloudy British weather is the butt of many jokes — but the United Kingdom’s national power grid is making the most of its sunshine. With the help of Open Climate Fix, a nonprofit product lab, the control room of the National Grid Electricity System ...

February 23, 2023
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community: Morgan Stanley Technology, Media and Telecom Conference 2023 Monday, March 6, 9:10 a.m. Pacific time Cowen’s ...

February 23, 2023
DIY Urban AI: Researchers Drive Hyper-Local Climate Modeling Movement
The do-it-yourself climate modeling movement is here. Researchers from Northwestern University and Argonne National Laboratory have been launching NVIDIA Jetson-driven edge computing Waggle devices across the globe to collect hyper-local climate ...

February 23, 2023
NVIDIA Celebrates 1 Million Jetson Developers Worldwide at GTC
A million developers across the globe are now using the NVIDIA Jetson platform for edge AI and robotics to build innovative technologies. Plus, more than 6,000 companies — a third of which are startups — have integrated the platform with their ...

February 23, 2023
Mercedes-Benz Taking Vehicle Product Lifecycle Digital With NVIDIA AI and Omniverse
To drive the automotive industry forward, NVIDIA and Mercedes-Benz are taking the virtual road. NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang joined Mercedes-Benz CEO Ola Källenius on stage at the automaker’s strategy update event yesterday in Silicon Valley, ...

February 23, 2023
A New Window in the Cloud: NVIDIA and Microsoft to Bring Top PC Games to GeForce NOW
The cloud just got bigger. NVIDIA and Microsoft announced this week they’re working to bring top PC Xbox Game Studios games to the GeForce NOW library, including titles from Bethesda, Mojang Studios and Activision, pending closure of Microsoft’s ...

February 22, 2023
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2023
NVIDIA today reported revenue for the fourth quarter ended January 29, 2023, of $6.05 billion, down 21% from a year ago and up 2% from the previous quarter.

February 22, 2023
New NVIDIA Studio Laptops Powered by GeForce RTX 4070, 4060, 4050 Laptop GPUs Boost On-the-Go Content Creation
Laptops equipped with NVIDIA GeForce RTX 4070, 4060 and 4050 GPUs are now available. The new lineup — including NVIDIA Studio-validated laptops from ASUS, GIGABYTE and Samsung — gives creators more options to create from anywhere with lighter, ...

March 07, 2023
3D Artist Ignites Flights at Exceptional Heights This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
An adrenaline-fueled virtual ride in the sky is sure to satisfy all thrill seekers — courtesy of 3D artist Kosei Wano’s sensational animation, Moon Hawk. Wano outlines his creative workflow this week In the NVIDIA Studio.

March 07, 2023
AI Before You Buy: Israeli Startup Renders 3D Product Models for Top Retailers
Preparing a retailer’s online catalog once required expensive physical photoshoots to capture products from every angle. A Tel Aviv startup is saving brands time and money by transforming these camera clicks into mouse clicks. Hexa uses ...

March 06, 2023

What Is NVLink?
Accelerated computing — a capability once confined to high-performance computers in government research labs — has gone mainstream. Banks, car makers, factories, hospitals, retailers and others are adopting AI supercomputers to tackle the growing ...

March 02, 2023
GeForce NOW Springs Into March With 19 New Games in the Cloud, Including ‘Disney Dreamlight Valley’
March is already here and a new month always means new games, with a total of 19 joining the GeForce NOW library. Set off on a magical journey to restore Disney magic when Disney Dreamlight Valley joins the cloud later this month. Plus, the hunt is ...

March 01, 2023
What Is Confidential Computing?
Cloud and edge networks are setting up a new line of defense, called confidential computing, to protect the growing wealth of data users process in those environments. Confidential Computing Defined Confidential computing is a way of protecting data ...

March 01, 2023
Glean Founders Talk AI-Powered Enterprise Search
The quest for knowledge at work can feel like searching for a needle in a haystack. But what if the haystack itself could reveal where the needle is? That’s the promise of large language models, or LLMs, the subject of this week’s episode of the ...

February 28, 2023
Generative AI at GTC: Dozens of Sessions to Feature Luminaries Speaking on Tech’s Hottest Topic
As the meteoric rise of ChatGPT demonstrates, generative AI can unlock enormous potential for companies, teams and individuals. Whether simplifying time-consuming tasks or accelerating 3D workflows to boost creativity and productivity, generative AI ...

February 28, 2023
Fusion Reaction: How AI, HPC Are Energizing Science
Brian Spears says his children will enjoy a more sustainable planet, thanks in part to AI and high performance computing (HPC) simulations. “I believe I’ll see fusion energy in my lifetime, and I’m confident my daughters will see a fusion-powered ...

February 28, 2023
Pixel Perfect: RTX Video Super Resolution Now Available for GeForce RTX 40 and 30 Series GPUs
Streaming video on PCs through Google Chrome and Microsoft Edge browsers is getting a GeForce RTX-sized upgrade today with the release of RTX Video Super Resolution (VSR). Nearly 80% of internet bandwidth today is streaming video. And 90% of that ...

February 27, 2023
NVIDIA Chief Scientist Inducted Into Silicon Valley’s Engineering Hall of Fame
From scaling mountains in the annual California Death Ride bike challenge to creating a low-cost, open-source ventilator in the early days of the COVID-19 pandemic, NVIDIA Chief Scientist Bill Dally is no stranger to accomplishing near-impossible ...

March 16, 2023
NVIDIA CEO to Reveal What’s Next for AI at GTC
The secret’s out. Thanks to ChatGPT, everyone knows about the power of modern AI. To find out what’s coming next, tune in to NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang’s keynote address at NVIDIA GTC on Tuesday, March 21, at 8 a.m. Pacific. Huang will ...

March 16, 2023
NVIDIA Canvas 1.4 Available With Panorama Beta This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
An update is now available for NVIDIA Canvas, the free beta app that harnesses the power of AI to help artists quickly turn simple brushstrokes into realistic landscapes.

March 16, 2023
Game Like a PC: GeForce NOW Breaks Boundaries Transforming Macs Into Ultimate Gaming PCs
Disney Dreamlight Valley is streaming from Steam and Epic Games Store on GeForce NOW starting today. It’s one of two new games this week that members can stream with beyond-fast performance using a GeForce NOW Ultimate membership. Game as if using a ...

March 16, 2023
NVIDIA Accelerates Neural Graphics PC Gaming Revolution at GDC With New DLSS 3 PC Games and Tools
AI-Powered NVIDIA DLSS 3 Comes to New AAA Games Including Diablo IV; DLSS Frame Generation Publicly Available for Developers at GDC
Ahead of next week’s Game Developers Conference (GDC), NVIDIA announced an expanded game roster and new developer plug-ins for NVIDIA DLSS 3.

March 16, 2023
Peter Ma on Using AI to Find Promising Signals for Alien Life
Peter Ma was bored in his high school computer science class. So he decided to teach himself something new: how to use artificial intelligence to find alien life. That’s how he eventually became the lead author of a groundbreaking study published in ...

March 15, 2023
PepsiCo Leads in AI-Powered Automation With KoiVision Platform
Global leader in convenient foods and beverages PepsiCo is deploying advanced machine vision technology from startup KoiReader Technologies, powered by the NVIDIA AI platform and GPUs, to improve efficiency and accuracy in its distribution process. ...

March 15, 2023
Apple of My AI: Startup Sprouts Multitasking Farm Tool for Organics
It all started with two software engineers and a tomato farmer on a West Coast road trip. Visiting farms to survey their needs, the three hatched a plan at an apple orchard: build a highly adaptable 3D vision AI system for automating field tasks. ...

March 13, 2023
What Are Foundation Models?
The mics were live and tape was rolling in the studio where the Miles Davis Quintet was recording dozens of tunes in 1956 for Prestige Records. When an engineer asked for the next song’s title, Davis shot back, “I’ll play it, and tell you what it is ...

March 09, 2023
Race to the Cloud: EA’s ‘GRID Legends’ Now Streaming on GeForce NOW
It’s a thrilling GFN Thursday with GRID Legends racing to the cloud this week. It leads a total of eight new games expanding the GeForce NOW library. New content for Rainbow Six Siege is also now streaming. Plus, two new cities are now online with ...

March 07, 2023
Ready for Its Closeup: NVIDIA Powers 15 Years of Oscar-Worthy Visual Effects
The Academy Award nominations are in — and for the 15th year in a row, NVIDIA technologies worked behind the scenes of every film nominated for Best Visual Effects. The five VFX contenders for the 95th annual Academy Awards, taking place on Sunday, ...

March 21, 2023
NVIDIA Launches DGX Cloud, Giving Every Enterprise Instant Access to AI Supercomputer From a Browser
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure First to Run NVIDIA AI Supercomputing Instances; Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud and Others to Host DGX Cloud Soon
NVIDIA today announced NVIDIA DGX™ Cloud, an AI supercomputing service that gives enterprises immediate access to the infrastructure and software needed to train advanced models for generative AI and other groundbreaking applications.

March 21, 2023
NVIDIA and Microsoft to Bring the Industrial Metaverse and AI to Hundreds of Millions of Enterprise Users via Azure Cloud
Microsoft Azure to Host NVIDIA DGX Cloud for AI Supercomputing, and NVIDIA Omniverse Cloud for Building and Operating 3D Worlds; Companies to Connect Omniverse Platform to Microsoft 365 Applications
NVIDIA today announced a collaboration with Microsoft to provide hundreds of millions of Microsoft enterprise users with access to powerful industrial metaverse and AI supercomputing resources via the cloud.

March 21, 2023
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Chooses NVIDIA BlueField Data Center Acceleration Platform
Hyperscaler Adds BlueField-3 DPUs to Its Networking Stack to Offload Data Center Tasks From CPUs
NVIDIA today announced that Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) has selected the NVIDIA BlueField-3® DPU as the latest addition to its networking stack, offering OCI customers a powerful new option for offloading data center tasks from CPUs.

March 21, 2023
Green Light: NVIDIA Grace CPU Paves Fast Lane to Energy-Efficient Computing for Every Data Center
The results are in, and they point to a new era in energy-efficient computing. In tests of real workloads, the NVIDIA Grace CPU Superchip scored 2x performance gains over x86 processors at the same power envelope across major data center CPU ...

March 21, 2023
NVIDIA, ASML, TSMC and Synopsys Set Foundation for Next-Generation Chip Manufacturing
Semiconductor Leaders Embrace NVIDIA Breakthrough in Computational Lithography as Industry Drives to the Limits of Physics
NVIDIA today announced a breakthrough that brings accelerated computing to the field of computational lithography, enabling semiconductor leaders like ASML, TSMC and Synopsys to accelerate the design and manufacturing of next-generation chips, just ...

March 21, 2023
Medtronic and NVIDIA Collaborate to Build AI Platform for Medical Devices
Integrating NVIDIA Technology Into Medtronic’s Real-Time AI Endoscopy Device to Help Improve Patient Care and Outcomes
NVIDIA today announced that it is collaborating with Medtronic, the world’s largest healthcare technology provider, to accelerate the development of AI in the healthcare system and bring new AI-based solutions into patient care.

March 21, 2023
NVIDIA Announces Microsoft, Tencent, Baidu Adopting CV-CUDA for Computer Vision AI
Microsoft, Tencent and Baidu are adopting NVIDIA CV-CUDA for computer vision AI. NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang highlighted work in content understanding, visual search and deep learning Tuesday as he announced the beta release for NVIDIA’s CV-CUDA — an ...

March 21, 2023
AT&T Supercharges Operations With NVIDIA AI
Telecoms Giant Adopts NVIDIA AI to Process Data More Efficiently, Optimize Service-Vehicle Routing, Create Digital Twins and Avatars
AT&T Corp. and NVIDIA today announced a collaboration in which AT&T will continue to transform its operations and enhance sustainability by using NVIDIA-powered AI for processing data, optimizing service-fleet routing and building digital avatars ...

March 21, 2023
Signed, Sealed, Delivered: NVIDIA AI Achieves World Record in Route Optimization
Promising more timely deliveries for consumers around the globe, NVIDIA’s cuOpt real-time route optimization software has set records on a key route optimization benchmark. NVIDIA cuOpt set three new records on the widely followed Li & Lim pickup ...

March 21, 2023
NVIDIA Announces New System for Accelerated Quantum-Classical Computing
NVIDIA and Quantum Machines Debut DGX Quantum — First System to Couple GPUs and Quantum Computing, Uses Newly Open-Sourced CUDA Quantum Software Platform
NVIDIA today announced a new system built with Quantum Machines that provides a revolutionary new architecture for researchers working in high-performance and low-latency quantum-classical computing.

March 21, 2023
BMW Group Starts Global Rollout of NVIDIA Omniverse
BMW Group is at the forefront of a key new manufacturing trend — going digital-first by using the virtual world to optimize layouts, robotics and logistics systems years before production really starts. The automaker announced today with NVIDIA at ...

March 21, 2023
NVIDIA and Partners Release New Omniverse Connections, Expanding Foundation for Artists and Developers to Advance 3D Workflows
Developers and creators can better realize the massive potential of generative AI, simulation and the industrial metaverse with new Omniverse Connectors and other updates to NVIDIA Omniverse, a platform for creating and operating metaverse ...

March 21, 2023
NVIDIA Expands Isaac Software Access and Jetson Platform Availability, Accelerating Robotics From Cloud to Edge
NVIDIA announced today at GTC that Omniverse Cloud will be hosted on Microsoft Azure, increasing access to Isaac Sim, the company’s platform for developing and managing AI-based robots. The company also said that a full lineup of Jetson Orin modules ...

March 21, 2023
NVIDIA Hopper GPUs Expand Reach as Demand for AI Grows
NVIDIA H100 GPUs Now Being Offered by Cloud Giants to Meet Surging Demand for Generative AI Training and Inference; Meta, OpenAI, Stability AI to Leverage H100 for Next Wave of AI
NVIDIA and key partners today announced the availability of new products and services featuring the NVIDIA H100 Tensor Core GPU — the world’s most powerful GPU for AI — to address rapidly growing demand for generative AI training and inference.

March 21, 2023
NVIDIA Launches Inference Platforms for Large Language Models and Generative AI Workloads
Google Cloud, D-ID, Cohere Using New Platforms for Wide Range of Generative AI Services Including Chatbots, Text-to-Image Content, AI Video and More
NVIDIA today launched four inference platforms optimized for a diverse set of rapidly emerging generative AI applications — helping developers quickly build specialized, AI-powered applications that can deliver new services and insights.

March 21, 2023
NVIDIA Unveils Large Language Models and Generative AI Service to Advance Life Sciences R&D
Part of NVIDIA AI Foundations, New BioNeMo Cloud Service Accelerates Life Sciences Research, Drug Discovery and Protein Engineering; Amgen and a Dozen Startups Among Early Access Customers
NVIDIA today announced an expanded set of generative AI cloud services for customizing AI foundation models to accelerate the creation of new proteins and therapeutics, as well as research in the fields of genomics, chemistry, biology and molecular ...

March 21, 2023
AI Speeds Insurance Claims Estimates for Better Policyholder Experiences
CCC Intelligent Solutions (CCC) has become the first company in the auto insurance industry to deliver an AI-powered repair estimating solution, called CCC Estimate – STP, short for straight-through processing. The Chicago-based auto-claims ...

March 21, 2023
Moving Pictures: NVIDIA, Getty Images Collaborate on Generative AI
As a sports commentator for a professional lacrosse team, Grant Farhall knows the value in having the right teammates. As the chief product officer for Getty Images, a global visual-content creator and marketplace, he believes the collaboration ...

March 21, 2023
Mind the Gap: Large Language Models Get Smarter With Enterprise Data
Large language models available today are incredibly knowledgeable, but act like time capsules — the information they capture is limited to the data available when they were first trained. If trained a year ago, for example, an LLM powering an ...

March 21, 2023
NVIDIA Brings Generative AI to World’s Enterprises With Cloud Services for Creating Large Language and Visual Models
Adobe to Build Models for Next-Generation Creative Workflows; Getty Images, Morningstar, Quantiphi, Shutterstock Using NVIDIA AI Foundations Cloud Services to Customize Models for AI-Powered Applications
To accelerate enterprise adoption of generative AI, NVIDIA today announced a set of cloud services that enable businesses to build, refine and operate custom large language models and generative AI models that are trained with their own proprietary ...

March 21, 2023
NVIDIA Metropolis Ecosystem Grows With Advanced Development Tools to Accelerate Vision AI
With AI at its tipping point, AI-enabled computer vision is being used to address the world’s most challenging problems in nearly every industry. At GTC, a global conference for the era of AI and the metaverse running through Thursday, March 23, ...

March 21, 2023
NVIDIA Studio at GTC: New AI-Powered Artistic Tools, Feature Updates, NVIDIA RTX Systems for Creators
Powerful AI technologies are revolutionizing 3D content creation — whether by enlivening realistic characters that show emotion or turning simple texts into imagery. The brightest minds, artists and creators are gathering at NVIDIA GTC, a free, ...

March 21, 2023
From Concept to Production to Sales, NVIDIA AI and Omniverse Enable Automakers to Transform Their Entire Workflow
The automotive industry is undergoing a digital revolution, driven by breakthroughs in accelerated computing, AI and the industrial metaverse. Automakers are digitalizing every phase of the product lifecycle — including concept and styling, design ...

March 21, 2023
From Training AI in the Cloud to Running It on the Road, Transportation Leaders Trust NVIDIA DRIVE
Transportation industry trailblazers are propelling their next-generation vehicles by building on NVIDIA DRIVE end-to-end solutions, which span the cloud to the car. The world’s best-selling new energy vehicle (NEV) brand BYD announced at NVIDIA GTC ...

March 21, 2023
Omniverse at Scale: NVIDIA Announces Third-Generation OVX Computing Systems to Power Industrial Metaverse Applications
Digitalization that combines AI and simulation is redefining how industrial products are created and transforming how people interact with the digital world. To help enterprises tackle complex new workloads, NVIDIA has unveiled the third generation ...

March 21, 2023
100+ Partners Bring NVIDIA Clara AI Healthcare Platform to Enterprises Worldwide
Healthcare enterprises globally are working with NVIDIA to drive AI-accelerated solutions that are detecting diseases earlier from medical images, delivering critical insights to care teams and revolutionizing drug discovery workflows. NVIDIA Clara, ...

March 21, 2023
NVIDIA Redefines Workstations to Power New Era of AI, Design, Industrial Metaverse
Global System Builders Tap Into Performance of NVIDIA RTX Ada GPUs and SmartNICs for Next-Generation Laptop and Desktop Workstations
NVIDIA today announced six new NVIDIA RTX™ Ada Lovelace architecture GPUs for laptops and desktops, which enable creators, engineers and data scientists to meet the demands of the new era of AI, design and the metaverse.

March 21, 2023
BYD, World’s Largest EV Maker, Partners With NVIDIA for Mainstream Software-Defined Vehicles Built on NVIDIA DRIVE
NVIDIA today announced that BYD, the world’s leading manufacturer of new energy vehicles (NEVs), will extend its use of the NVIDIA DRIVE Orin™ centralized compute platform in a broader range of its NEVs.

March 21, 2023
Mitsui and NVIDIA Announce Japan's First Generative AI Supercomputer for Pharmaceutical Industry
Mitsui & Co., Ltd., one of Japan’s largest business conglomerates, is collaborating with NVIDIA on Tokyo-1 — an initiative to supercharge the nation’s pharmaceutical leaders with technology, including high-resolution molecular dynamics simulations ...

March 21, 2023
NVIDIA Omniverse Accelerates Game Content Creation With Generative AI Services and Game Engine Connectors
Powerful AI technologies are making a massive impact in 3D content creation and game development. Whether creating realistic characters that show emotion or turning simple texts into imagery, AI tools are becoming fundamental to developer workflows ...

March 22, 2023
A Revolution Rendered in Real Time: NVIDIA Accelerates Neural Graphics at GDC
Gamers wanted better graphics. GPUs delivered. Those GPUs became the key to the world-changing AI revolution. Now gamers are reaping the benefits. At GDC 2023 in San Francisco this week, the gaming industry’s premier developers conference, NVIDIA ...

March 22, 2023
AI Opener: OpenAI’s Sutskever in Conversation With Jensen Huang
Like old friends catching up over coffee, two industry icons reflected on how modern AI got its start, where it’s at today and where it needs to go next. Jensen Huang, founder and CEO of NVIDIA, interviewed AI pioneer Ilya Sutskever in a fireside ...

March 22, 2023
It Takes a Village: 100+ NVIDIA MLOps and AI Platform Partners Help Enterprises Move AI Into Production
Building AI applications is hard. Putting them to use across a business can be even harder. Less than one-third of enterprises that have begun adopting AI actually have it in production, according to a recent IDC survey. Businesses often realize the ...

March 21, 2023
NVIDIA and Google Cloud Deliver Powerful New Generative AI Platform, Built on the New L4 GPU and Vertex AI
NVIDIA Inference Platform for Generative AI to Be Integrated Into Google Cloud Vertex AI; Google Cloud First CSP to Make NVIDIA L4 GPU Instances Available
NVIDIA today announced Google Cloud is integrating the newly launched L4 GPU and Vertex AI to accelerate the work of companies building a rapidly expanding number of generative AI applications.

March 21, 2023
NVIDIA to Bring AI to Every Industry, CEO Says
ChatGPT is just the start. With computing now advancing at what he called “lightspeed,” NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang today announced a broad set of partnerships with Google, Microsoft, Oracle and a range of leading businesses that bring new ...

March 21, 2023
Shutterstock Teams With NVIDIA to Build AI Foundation Models for Generative 3D Artist Tools
Customized Shutterstock content trained with NVIDIA Picasso generative AI cloud service to use text prompts to rapidly generate 3D content for industrial digital twins, entertainment and gaming
Shutterstock, Inc., a leading creative platform for transformative brands and media companies, today announced it is partnering with NVIDIA to train custom 3D models to create generative 3D assets from simple text prompts.

March 21, 2023
Adobe and NVIDIA Partner to Unlock the Power of Generative AI
Today, Adobe and NVIDIA, longstanding R&D partners, announced a new partnership to unlock the power of generative AI to further advance creative workflows.

March 21, 2023
AWS and NVIDIA Collaborate on Next-Generation Infrastructure for Training Large Machine Learning Models and Building Generative AI Applications
New Amazon EC2 P5 Instances Deployed in EC2 UltraClusters Are Fully Optimized to Harness NVIDIA Hopper GPUs for Accelerating Generative AI Training and Inference at Massive Scale
Amazon Web Services, Inc., an Amazon.com, Inc. company, and NVIDIA today announced a multi-part collaboration focused on building out the world's most scalable, on-demand AI infrastructure optimized for training increasingly complex large language ...

March 21, 2023
NVIDIA Expands Omniverse Cloud to Power Industrial Digitalization
New Platform-as-a-Service Coming Soon to Microsoft Azure, Follows Initial Omniverse Adoption by BMW Group, Geely Lotus and Jaguar Land Rover
NVIDIA today announced that NVIDIA Omniverse™ Cloud, a platform-as-a-service that enables companies to unify digitalization across their core product and business processes, is now available to select enterprises.

March 21, 2023
Fresh-Faced AI: NVIDIA Avatar Solutions Enhance Customer Service and Virtual Assistants
Companies across industries are looking to use interactive avatars to enhance digital experiences. But creating them is a complex, time-consuming process requiring state-of-the-art AI models that can see, hear, understand and communicate with end ...

April 06, 2023
Gaming on the Go: GeForce NOW Gives Members More Ways to Play
This GFN Thursday explores the many ways GeForce NOW members can play their favorite PC games across the devices they know and love. Plus, seven new games join the GeForce NOW library this week. More Ways to Play GeForce NOW is the ultimate platform ...

April 05, 2023
NVIDIA Takes Inference to New Heights Across MLPerf Tests
The latest industry standard benchmarks show NVIDIA taking AI inference to new levels of performance and efficiency from the cloud to the edge. In a fresh round of MLPerf tests, NVIDIA H100 Tensor Core GPUs running in DGX H100 systems delivered the ...

April 04, 2023
NVIDIA Honors Partners Helping Industries Harness AI to Transform Business
NVIDIA today recognized a dozen partners in the Americas for their work enabling customers to build and deploy AI applications across a broad range of industries. NVIDIA Partner Network (NPN) Americas Partner of the Year awards were given out to ...

April 04, 2023
Video Editor Patrick Stirling Invents Custom Effect for DaVinci Resolve Software
Video editor Patrick Stirling used the Magic Mask feature in Blackmagic Design’s DaVinci Resolve software to create a custom effect that creates textured animations of people, this week In the NVIDIA Studio.

March 30, 2023
Ampere, NVIDIA Extend AICAN Gaming Platform Ecosystem
Now Available Worldwide, AICAN Platform Enables High-Resolution Game Streaming From the Cloud
Ampere Computing and NVIDIA today announced the extension of the AICAN (pronounced “eye-CAN”) game-streaming platform to support more game environments and global partners using dense Arm + GPU platforms.

March 30, 2023
April Showers Bring 23 New GeForce NOW Games Including ‘Have a Nice Death’
It’s another rewarding GFN Thursday, with 23 new games for April on top of 11 joining the cloud this week and a new Marvel’s Midnight Suns reward now available first for GeForce NOW Premium members. Newark, N.J., is next to complete its upgrade to ...

March 29, 2023
Blender Update 3.5 Fuels 3D Content Creation, Powered by NVIDIA GeForce RTX GPUs
Blender, the world’s most popular 3D creation suite — free and open source — released its major version 3.5 update. Expected to have a profound impact on 3D creative workflows, this latest release features support for Open Shading Language (OSL) ...

March 29, 2023
Ubisoft’s Yves Jacquier on How Generative AI Will Revolutionize Gaming
Tools like ChatGPT have awakened the world to the potential of generative AI. Now, much more is coming. On the latest episode of the NVIDIA AI Podcast, Yves Jacquier, executive director of Ubisoft La Forge, shares valuable insights into the ...

March 23, 2023
GFN Thursday Celebrates 1,500+ Games and Their Journey to GeForce NOW
Gamers love games — as do the people who make them. GeForce NOW streams over 1,500 games from the cloud, and with the Game Developers Conference in full swing this week, today’s GFN Thursday celebrates all things games: the tech behind them, the ...

March 22, 2023
‘Cyberpunk 2077’ Brings Beautiful Path-Traced Visuals to GDC
Game developer CD PROJEKT RED today at the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco unveiled a technology preview for Cyberpunk 2077 with path tracing, coming April 11. Path tracing, also known as full ray tracing, accurately simulates light ...

April 20, 2023
Don’t Wait: GeForce NOW Six-Month Priority Memberships on Sale for Limited Time
GFN Thursday rolls up this week with a hot new deal for a GeForce NOW six-month Priority membership. Enjoy the cloud gaming service with seven new games to stream this week, including more favorites from Bandai Namco Europe and F1 2021 from ...

April 20, 2023
NVIDIA Announces Partners of the Year in Europe, Middle East
NVIDIA today recognized a dozen partners for their work helping customers in Europe, the Middle East and Africa harness the power of AI across industries. At a virtual EMEA Partner Day event, which was hosted by the NVIDIA Partner Network (NPN) and ...

April 19, 2023
Revving Up the Future of Transportation: NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion Takes the Wheel at Auto Shanghai
Shanghai is once again showing why it’s called the “Magic City” as more than 1,000 exhibitors from 20 countries dazzle the automotive world this week at the highly anticipated International Automobile Industry Exhibition. With nearly 1,500 vehicles ...

April 19, 2023
NVIDIA Studio Creators Take Collaboration to Bone-Chilling New Heights
This week’s In the NVIDIA Studio artists specializing in 3D, Gianluca Squillace and Pasquale Scionti, benefitted from just that — in their individual work and in collaborating to construct the final scene for their project, Cold Inside Diorama.

April 17, 2023
Powering the Future: Next Step in Siemens, NVIDIA Collaboration Showcased with FREYR Virtual Factory Demos
At the Hannover Messe trade show this week, Siemens unveiled a digital model of next-generation FREYR Battery factories that was developed using NVIDIA technology. The model was created in part to highlight a strategic partnership announced Monday ...

April 13, 2023
New GeForce RTX 4070 GPU Dramatically Accelerates Creativity
The GeForce RTX 4070 GPU, the latest in the 40 Series lineup, is available today starting at $599. It comes backed by NVIDIA Studio technologies, including hardware acceleration for 3D, video and AI workflows; optimizations for RTX hardware in over ...

April 13, 2023
A Gripping New Adventure: GeForce NOW Brings Titles From Bandai Namco Europe to the Cloud, Including ‘Little Nightmares’ Series
A new adventure with publisher Bandai Namco Europe kicks off this GFN Thursday. Some of its popular titles lead seven new games joining the cloud this week. Plus, gamers can play them on more devices than ever, with native 4K streaming for GeForce ...

April 12, 2023
The New Standard in Gaming: GeForce RTX Gamers Embrace Ray Tracing, DLSS in Record Numbers
Creating a map requires masterful geographical knowledge, artistic skill and evolving technologies that have taken people from using hand-drawn sketches to satellite imagery. Just as important, changes need to be navigated in the way people consume ...

April 12, 2023
How GlüxKind Created Ella, the AI-Powered Smart Stroller
Imagine a stroller that can drive itself, help users up hills, brake on slopes and provide alerts of potential hazards. That’s what GlüxKind has done with Ella, an award-winning smart stroller that uses the NVIDIA Jetson edge AI and robotics ...

April 12, 2023
NVIDIA GeForce RTX 4070 Brings Power of Ada Lovelace Architecture and DLSS 3 to Millions More Gamers and Creators, Starting at $599
Play the Latest Games With Max Settings at 1440p Resolution; Stream and Create Faster With RTX Acceleration and Advanced AI Tools
NVIDIA today announced the GeForce RTX™ 4070 GPU, delivering all the advancements of the NVIDIA® Ada Lovelace architecture — including DLSS 3 neural rendering, real-time ray-tracing technologies and the ability to run most modern games at over 100 ...

April 28, 2023
Rock ‘n’ Robotics: The White Stripes’ AI-Assisted Visual Symphony
Wartella and AI reinvigorate a White Stripes classic, exploring AI’s role in music video creation.

April 27, 2023
What Is Agent Assist?
“Please hold” may be the two words that customers hate most — and that contact center agents take pains to avoid saying. Providing fast, accurate, helpful responses based on contextually relevant information is key to effective customer service. ...

April 27, 2023
Welcome to the Family: GeForce NOW, Capcom Bring ‘Resident Evil’ Titles to the Cloud
Horror descends from the cloud this GFN Thursday with the arrival of publisher Capcom’s iconic Resident Evil series. They’re part of nine new games expanding the GeForce NOW library of over 1,600 titles. RTX 4080 SuperPODs are now live in Miami, ...

April 26, 2023
Viral NVIDIA Broadcast Demo Drops Hammer on Imperfect Audio This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Spotlighted by this week’s In the NVIDIA Studio featured artist Unmesh Dinda, NVIDIA Broadcast transforms the homes, apartments and dorm rooms of content creators, livestreamers and people working from home through the power of AI — all without the ...

April 26, 2023
The Future of Intelligent Vehicle Interiors: Building Trust With HMI & AI
Imagine a future where your vehicle’s interior offers personalized experiences and builds trust through human-machine interfaces (HMI) and AI. In this episode of the NVIDIA AI Podcast, Andreas Binner, chief technology officer at Rightware, delves ...

April 25, 2023
Right on Track: NVIDIA Open-Source Software Helps Developers Add Guardrails to AI Chatbots
Newly released open-source software can help developers guide generative AI applications to create impressive text responses that stay on track. NeMo Guardrails will help ensure smart applications powered by large language models (LLMs) are ...

April 21, 2023
On Earth Day, 5 Ways AI, Accelerated Computing Are Protecting the Planet
From climate modeling to endangered species conservation, developers, researchers and companies are keeping an AI on the environment with the help of NVIDIA technology. They’re using NVIDIA GPUs and software to track endangered African black rhinos, ...

April 21, 2023
Epic Benefits: Omniverse Connector for Unreal Engine Saves Content Creators Time and Effort
Content creators using Epic Games’ open, advanced real-time 3D creation tool, Unreal Engine, are now equipped with more features to bring their work to life with NVIDIA Omniverse, a platform for creating and operating metaverse applications. The ...

April 21, 2023
GeForce RTX 30 Series vs. RTX 40 Series GPUs: Key Differences for Gamers
What’s the difference between NVIDIA GeForce RTX 30 and 40 Series GPUs for gamers? To briefly set aside the technical specifications, the difference lies in the level of performance and capability each series offers. Both deliver great graphics. ...

April 20, 2023
Driving Toward a Safer Future: NVIDIA Achieves Safety Milestones With DRIVE Hyperion Autonomous Vehicle Platform
More than 50 automotive companies around the world have deployed over 800 autonomous test vehicles powered by the NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion automotive compute architecture, which has recently achieved new safety milestones. The latest NVIDIA DRIVE ...

May 10, 2023
Meet the Omnivore: Creative Studio Aides Fight Against Sickle Cell Disease With AI-Animated Short
Creative studio Elara Systems doesn’t shy away from sensitive subjects in its work.

May 10, 2023
How AI and Crowdsourcing Can Advance mRNA Vaccine Distribution
Artificial intelligence is teaming up with crowdsourcing to improve the thermo-stability – the ability to avoid breaking down under heat stress – of mRNA vaccines, making distribution more accessible worldwide. In this episode of NVIDIA’s AI ...

May 09, 2023
Explore the Hidden Temple of Itzamná This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
3D artist Milan Dey finds inspiration in games, movies, comics and pop culture. He drew from all of the above when creating a stunning 3D scene of Mayan ruins, The Hidden Temple of Itzamná, this week In the NVIDIA Studio.

May 04, 2023
Meet the Maker: Software Developer Builds Fully Functional Superhero Helmet
Kris Kersey is an embedded software developer with over 20 years of experience, an educational YouTuber with 30,000+ subscribers, and a lifelong lover of comics and cosplay. These interests and expertise came together in his first-ever project using ...

May 04, 2023
GeForce NOW Makes May-hem With 16 New Games, Including ‘The Lord of the Rings: Gollum’
What has it got in its pocketses? More games coming in May, that’s what. GFN Thursday gets the summer started early with two newly supported games this week and 16 more coming later this month — including The Lord of the Rings: Gollum. Don’t forget ...

May 03, 2023
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for First-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of Call
NVIDIA will host a conference call on Wednesday, May 24, at 2 p.m. PT (5 p.m. ET) to discuss its financial results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, which ended April 30, 2023.

May 02, 2023
Picture Perfect: AV1 Streaming Dazzles on GeForce RTX 40 Series GPUs With OBS Studio 29.1 Launch and YouTube Support
AV1, the next-generation video codec, is expanding its reach with today’s release of OBS Studio 29.1. This latest software update adds support for AV1 streaming to YouTube over Enhanced RTMP. All GeForce RTX 40 Series GPUs — including laptop GPUs ...

May 02, 2023
Latest NVIDIA Graphics Research Advances Generative AI’s Next Frontier
NVIDIA today introduced a wave of cutting-edge AI research that will enable developers and artists to bring their ideas to life — whether still or moving, in 2D or 3D, hyperrealistic or fantastical. Around 20 NVIDIA Research papers advancing ...

May 02, 2023
Renders and Dragons Rule Creative Kingdoms This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Content creator Grant Abbitt embodies selflessness, one of the best qualities that a creative can possess. Passionate about giving back to the creative community, Abbitt offers inspiration, guidance and free education for others in his field through ...

May 01, 2023
Now Shipping: DGX H100 Systems Bring Advanced AI Capabilities to Industries Worldwide
Customers from Japan to Ecuador and Sweden are using NVIDIA DGX H100 systems like AI factories to manufacture intelligence. They’re creating services that offer AI-driven insights in finance, healthcare, law, IT and telecom — and working to ...

May 18, 2023
First Xbox Title Joins GeForce NOW
Get ready for action — the first Xbox game title is now streaming from GeForce GPUs in the cloud directly to GeForce NOW members, with more to come later this month. Gears 5 comes to the service this GFN Thursday. Keep reading to find out what other ...

May 18, 2023
GeForce RTX 4060 Family Is Here: NVIDIA’s Revolutionary Ada Lovelace Architecture Comes to Core Gamers Everywhere, Starting at $299
Superpowered by AI, Newest GPUs Provide 2x the Horsepower of Latest Gaming Consoles
NVIDIA today announced the GeForce RTX™ 4060 family of GPUs, with two graphics cards that deliver all the advancements of the NVIDIA® Ada Lovelace architecture — including DLSS 3 neural rendering and third-generation ray-tracing technologies at high ...

May 18, 2023
Beyond Fast: GeForce RTX 4060 GPU Family Gives Creators More Options to Accelerate Workflows, Starting at $299
The GeForce RTX 4060 family will be available starting next week, bringing massive creator benefits to the popular 60-class GPUs.

May 17, 2023
ServiceNow and NVIDIA Announce Partnership to Build Generative AI Across Enterprise IT
Built on ServiceNow Platform With NVIDIA AI Software and DGX Infrastructure, Custom Large Language Models to Bring Intelligent Workflow Automation to Enterprises
ServiceNow and NVIDIA today announced a partnership to develop powerful, enterprise-grade generative AI capabilities that can transform business processes with faster, more intelligent workflow automation.

May 17, 2023
Into the Omniverse: Adobe Substance 3D, NVIDIA Omniverse Enhance Creative Freedom Within 3D Workflows
An update to the Omniverse Connector for Adobe Substance 3D Painter will save 3D creators across industries significant time and effort.

May 16, 2023
Mammoth Mission: How Colossal Biosciences Aims to ‘De-Extinct’ the Woolly Mammoth
Ten thousand years after the last woolly mammoths vanished with the last Ice Age, a team of computational biologists is on a mission to bring them back within five years. Led by synthetic biology pioneer George Church, Colossal Biosciences is also ...

May 16, 2023
Chip Manufacturing ‘Ideal Application’ for AI, NVIDIA CEO Says
Chip manufacturing is an “ideal application” for NVIDIA accelerated and AI computing, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang said Tuesday. Detailing how the latest advancements in computing are accelerating “the world’s most important industry,” Huang ...

May 11, 2023
Startup’s AI Slashes Paperwork for Doctors Across Africa
As a medical doctor in Nigeria, Tobi Olatunji knows the stress of practicing in Africa’s busy hospitals. As a machine-learning scientist, he has a prescription for it. “I worked at one of West Africa’s largest hospitals, where I would routinely see ...

May 11, 2023
Time to Prioritize: Upgrade to Priority at 40% Off This GFN Thursday
Make gaming a priority this GFN Thursday — time’s running out to upgrade to a GeForce NOW Priority six-month membership at 40% off the normal price. Find out how new Priority members are using the cloud to get their game on. Plus, the week brings ...

May 11, 2023
Living on the Edge: Singtel, Microsoft and NVIDIA Dial Up AI Over 5G
For telcos around the world, one of the biggest challenges to upgrading networks has always been the question, “If you build it, will they come?” Asia’s leading telco, Singtel, believes the key to helping customers innovate with AI across industries ...

May 23, 2023
NVIDIA Collaborates With Microsoft to Accelerate Enterprise-Ready Generative AI
NVIDIA AI Enterprise Integration With Azure Machine Learning Provides End-to-End Cloud Platform for Developers to Build, Deploy and Manage AI Applications for Large Language Models
NVIDIA today announced that it is integrating its NVIDIA AI Enterprise software into Microsoft’s Azure Machine Learning to help enterprises accelerate their AI initiatives.

May 23, 2023
Dell Technologies and NVIDIA Introduce Project Helix for Secure, On-Premises Generative AI
Dell Technologies (NYSE: DELL) and NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) announce a joint initiative to make it easier for businesses to build and use generative AI models on premises to quickly and securely deliver better customer service, market intelligence, ...

May 23, 2023
NVIDIA and Microsoft Drive Innovation for Windows PCs in New Era of Generative AI
Generative AI — in the form of large language model (LLM) applications like ChatGPT, image generators such as Stable Diffusion and Adobe Firefly, and game rendering techniques like NVIDIA DLSS 3 Frame Generation — is rapidly ushering in a new era of ...

May 23, 2023
No Programmers? No Problem: READY Robotics Simplifies Robot Coding, Rollouts
Robotics hardware traditionally requires programmers to deploy it. READY Robotics wants to change that with its “no code” software aimed at people working in manufacturing who haven’t got programming skills. The Columbus, Ohio, startup is a spinout ...

May 23, 2023
Privateer Space: The Final Frontier in AI Space Junk Management
It’s time to take out the space trash. In this episode of the NVIDIA AI Podcast, host Noah Kravitz dives into an illuminating conversation with Alex Fielding, co-founder and CEO of Privateer Space. Fielding is a tech industry veteran, having ...

May 21, 2023
What’s Up? Watts Down — More Science, Less Energy
People agree: accelerated computing is energy-efficient computing. The National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center (NERSC), the U.S. Department of Energy’s lead facility for open science, measured results across four of its key high ...

May 21, 2023
NVIDIA Grace Drives Wave of New Energy-Efficient Arm Supercomputers
UK Research Alliance, GW4, Building 6x More Energy-Efficient Supercomputer for Climate Science, Medical Research and More
NVIDIA today announced a supercomputer built on the NVIDIA Grace™ CPU Superchip, adding to a wave of new energy-efficient supercomputers based on the Arm® Neoverse™ platform.

May 21, 2023
NVIDIA, Jülich Supercomputing Centre and ParTec to Build Quantum Computing Lab
Major Collaboration to Fuel Research on NVIDIA-Accelerated Systems Running HPC and Quantum Computing Workloads
In a major step forward for the field of hybrid quantum-classical computing, NVIDIA today announced plans to build a new lab with the Jülich Supercomputing Centre (JSC) at Forschungszentrum Jülich (FZJ) that will feature a classical-quantum ...

May 21, 2023
NVIDIA, Rolls-Royce and Classiq Announce Quantum Computing Breakthrough for Computational Fluid Dynamics in Jet Engines
World’s Largest Quantum Circuit for Industrial Simulation to Advance Development of Quantum Computing in Aerospace
NVIDIA, Rolls-Royce and Classiq, a quantum software company, today announced a quantum computing breakthrough aimed at bringing ever-increasing efficiency to jet engines.

May 18, 2023
NVIDIA Cambridge-1 AI Supercomputer Expands Reach to Researchers via the Cloud
Scientific researchers need massive computational resources that can support exploration wherever it happens. Whether they’re conducting groundbreaking pharmaceutical research, exploring alternative energy sources or discovering new ways to prevent ...

May 28, 2023
NVIDIA Grace Hopper Superchips Designed for Accelerated Generative AI Enter Full Production
GH200-Powered Systems Join 400+ System Configurations From Global Systems-Makers Based on NVIDIA Grace, Hopper, Ada Lovelace Architectures
NVIDIA today announced that the NVIDIA® GH200 Grace Hopper Superchip is in full production, set to power systems coming online worldwide to run complex AI and HPC workloads.

May 28, 2023
NVIDIA Brings New Generative AI Capabilities, Groundbreaking Performance to 100 Million Windows RTX PCs and Workstations
Generative AI is rapidly ushering in a new era of computing for productivity, content creation, gaming and more. Generative AI models and applications — like NVIDIA NeMo and DLSS 3 Frame Generation, Meta LLaMa, ChatGPT, Adobe Firefly and Stable ...

May 28, 2023
NVIDIA ACE for Games Sparks Life Into Virtual Characters With Generative AI
Custom Model Foundry Produces AI Models That Run in Cloud and PC
NVIDIA today announced NVIDIA Avatar Cloud Engine (ACE) for Games, a custom AI model foundry service that transforms games by bringing intelligence to non-playable characters (NPCs) through AI-powered natural language interactions.

May 26, 2023
NVIDIA CEO Tells NTU Grads to Run, Not Walk — But Be Prepared to Stumble
“You are running for food, or you are running from becoming food. And often times, you can’t tell which. Either way, run.” NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang today urged graduates of National Taiwan University to run hard to seize the unprecedented ...

May 25, 2023
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community:

May 25, 2023
Cool It: Team Tackles the Thermal Challenge Data Centers Face
Two years after he spoke at a conference detailing his ambitious vision for cooling tomorrow’s data centers, Ali Heydari and his team won a $5 million grant to go build it. It was the largest of 15 awards in May from the U.S. Department of Energy. ...

May 25, 2023
Butterfly Effects: Digital Artist Uses AI to Engage Exhibit Goers
For about six years, AI has been an integral part of the artwork of Dominic Harris, a London-based digital artist who’s about to launch his biggest exhibition to date. “I use it for things like giving butterflies a natural sense of movement,” said ...

May 25, 2023
Three More Xbox PC Games Hit GeForce NOW
Keep the NVIDIA and Microsoft party going this GFN Thursday with Grounded, Deathloop and Pentiment now available to stream for GeForce NOW members this week. These three Xbox Game Studio titles are part of the dozen additions to the GeForce NOW ...

May 24, 2023
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for First Quarter Fiscal 2024
NVIDIA today reported revenue for the first quarter ended April 30, 2023, of $7.19 billion, down 13% from a year ago and up 19% from the previous quarter.

May 24, 2023
Livestreaming Bliss: Wander Warwick’s World This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
The GeForce RTX 4060 Ti 8GB GPU is now available from top add-in card providers including ASUS, Colorful, Galax, GIGABYTE, INNO3D, MSI, Palit, PNY and ZOTAC, as well as from system integrators and builders worldwide.

May 28, 2023
Live From Taipei: NVIDIA CEO Unveils Gen AI Platforms for Every Industry
In his first live keynote since the pandemic, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang today kicked off the COMPUTEX conference in Taipei, announcing platforms that companies can use to ride a historic wave of generative AI that’s transforming industries ...

May 28, 2023
World’s Leading Electronics Manufacturers Adopt NVIDIA Generative AI and Omniverse to Digitalize State-of-the-Art Factories
Foxconn Industrial Internet, Innodisk, Pegatron, Quanta, Wistron Building Virtual Factories, Simulating Robotics, Automating Inspections With NVIDIA Omniverse, Isaac Sim and Metropolis
NVIDIA today announced that electronics manufacturers worldwide are advancing their industrial digitalization efforts using a new, comprehensive reference workflow that combines NVIDIA technologies for generative AI, 3D collaboration, simulation and ...

May 28, 2023
Techman Robot Selects NVIDIA Isaac Sim to Optimize Automated Optical Inspection
How do you help robots build better robots? By simulating even more robots. NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang today showcased how leading electronics manufacturer Quanta is using AI-enabled robots to inspect the quality of its products. In his ...

May 28, 2023
WPP Partners With NVIDIA to Build Generative AI-Enabled Content Engine for Digital Advertising
Groundbreaking Engine Built on NVIDIA AI and Omniverse Connects Creative 3D and AI Tools From Leading Software Makers to Revolutionize Brand Content, Experiences at Scale
NVIDIA and WPP today announced they are developing a content engine that harnesses NVIDIA Omniverse™ and AI to enable creative teams to produce high-quality commercial content faster, more efficiently and at scale while staying fully aligned with a ...

May 28, 2023
NVIDIA Collaborates With SoftBank Corp. to Power SoftBank’s Next-Gen Data Centers Using Grace Hopper Superchip for Generative AI and 5G/6G
Arm-Based Superchip and BlueField-3 DPU Power Revolutionary Architecture to Enable Generative AI-Driven Wireless Communications
NVIDIA and SoftBank Corp. today announced they are collaborating on a pioneering platform for generative AI and 5G/6G applications that is based on the NVIDIA GH200 Grace Hopper™ Superchip and which SoftBank plans to roll out at new, distributed AI ...

May 28, 2023
Electronics Giants Tap Into Industrial Automation With NVIDIA Metropolis for Factories
The $46 trillion global electronics manufacturing industry spans more than 10 million factories worldwide, where much is at stake in producing defect-free products. To drive product excellence, leading electronics manufacturers are adopting NVIDIA ...

May 28, 2023
NVIDIA Brings Advanced Autonomy to Mobile Robots With Isaac AMR
As mobile robot shipments surge to meet the growing demands of industries seeking operational efficiencies, NVIDIA is launching a new platform to enable the next generation of autonomous mobile robot (AMR) fleets. Isaac AMR brings advanced mapping, ...

May 28, 2023
NVIDIA Launches Accelerated Ethernet Platform for Hyperscale Generative AI
New NVIDIA Spectrum-X Networking Platform Combines NVIDIA Spectrum-4, BlueField-3 DPUs and Acceleration Software; World-Leading Cloud Service Providers Adopting Platform to Scale Out Generative AI Services
NVIDIA today announced NVIDIA Spectrum-X™, an accelerated networking platform designed to improve the performance and efficiency of Ethernet-based AI clouds.

May 28, 2023
NVIDIA MGX Gives System Makers Modular Architecture to Meet Diverse Accelerated Computing Needs of World’s Data Centers
QCT and Supermicro Among First to Use Server Spec Enabling 100+ System Configurations to Accelerate AI, HPC, Omniverse Workloads
To meet the diverse accelerated computing needs of the world’s data centers, NVIDIA today unveiled the NVIDIA MGX™ server specification, which provides system manufacturers with a modular reference architecture to quickly and cost-effectively build ...

May 28, 2023
NVIDIA Announces DGX GH200 AI Supercomputer
New Class of AI Supercomputer Connects 256 Grace Hopper Superchips Into Massive, 1-Exaflop, 144TB GPU for Giant Models Powering Generative AI, Recommender Systems, Data Processing
NVIDIA today announced a new class of large-memory AI supercomputer — an NVIDIA DGX™ supercomputer powered by NVIDIA® GH200 Grace Hopper Superchips and the NVIDIA NVLink® Switch System — created to enable the development of giant, next-generation ...

June 07, 2023
What Is Photogrammetry?
Thanks to “street views,” modern mapping tools can be used to scope out a restaurant before deciding to go there, better navigate directions by viewing landmarks in the area or simulate the experience of being on the road. The technique for creating ...

June 07, 2023
NYU, NVIDIA Collaborate on Large Language Model to Predict Patient Readmission
Getting discharged from the hospital is a major milestone for patients — but sometimes, it’s not the end of their road to recovery. Nearly 15% of hospital patients in the U.S. are readmitted within 30 days of their initial discharge, which is often ...

June 06, 2023
Fish-Farming Startup Casts AI to Make Aquaculture More Efficient, Sustainable
As a marine biology student, Josef Melchner always dreamed of spending his days cruising the oceans to find dolphins, whales and fish — but also “wanted to do something practical, something that would benefit the world,” he said. When it came time ...

June 06, 2023
Technical Artist Builds Great Woolly Mammoth With NVIDIA Omniverse USD Composer This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Keerthan Sathya, a senior technical artist specializing in 3D, emerged trium-elephant In the NVIDIA Studio this week with the incredibly detailed, expertly constructed, jaw-droppingly beautiful animation Tiny Mammoth.

June 05, 2023
Microsoft Bing Speeds Ad Delivery With NVIDIA Triton
Jiusheng Chen’s team just got accelerated. They’re delivering personalized ads to users of Microsoft Bing with 7x throughput at reduced cost, thanks to NVIDIA Triton Inference Server running on NVIDIA A100 Tensor Core GPUs. It’s an amazing ...

June 05, 2023
Accelerating the Accelerator: Scientist Speeds CERN’s HPC With GPUs, AI
Editor’s note: This is part of a series profiling researchers advancing science with high performance computing. Maria Girone is expanding the world’s largest network of scientific computers with accelerated computing and AI. Since 2002, the Ph.D. ...

June 01, 2023
A New Age: ‘Age of Empires’ Series Joins GeForce NOW, Part of 20 Games Coming in June
The season of hot sun and longer days is here, so stay inside this summer with 20 games joining GeForce NOW in June. Or stream across devices by the pool, from grandma’s house or in the car — whichever way, GeForce NOW has you covered. Titles from ...

June 01, 2023
Digital Renaissance: NVIDIA Neuralangelo Research Reconstructs 3D Scenes
Neuralangelo, a new AI model by NVIDIA Research for 3D reconstruction using neural networks, turns 2D video clips into detailed 3D structures — generating lifelike virtual replicas of buildings, sculptures and other real-world objects. Like ...

May 30, 2023
NVIDIA RTX Transforming 14-Inch Laptops, Plus Simultaneous Screen Encoding and May Studio Driver Available Today
New 14-inch NVIDIA Studio laptops, equipped with GeForce RTX 40 Series Laptop GPUs, give creators peak portability with a significant increase in performance over the last generation.

May 28, 2023
MediaTek Partners With NVIDIA to Transform Automobiles With AI and Accelerated Computing
MediaTek, a leading innovator in connectivity and multimedia, is teaming with NVIDIA to bring drivers and passengers new experiences inside the car. The partnership was announced today at a COMPUTEX press conference with MediaTek CEO Rick Tsai and ...

June 14, 2023
Forged in Flames: Startup Fuses Generative AI, Computer Vision to Fight Wildfires
When California skies turned orange in the wake of devastating wildfires, a startup fused computer vision and generative AI to fight back. “With the 2020 wildfires, it became very personal, so we asked fire officials how we could help,” said Emrah ...

June 14, 2023
Filmmaker Sara Dietschy Talks AI This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
With over 900,000 subscribers on her YouTube channel, editor and filmmaker Sara Dietschy creates docuseries, reviews and vlogs that explore the intersection of technology and creativity.

June 13, 2023
Rendered.ai Integrates NVIDIA Omniverse for Synthetic Data Generation
Rendered.ai is easing AI training for developers, data scientists and others with its platform-as-a-service for synthetic data generation, or SDG. Training computer vision AI models requires massive, high-quality, diverse and unbiased datasets. ...

June 12, 2023
NVIDIA and Hexagon Deliver Suite of Solutions for Accelerating Industrial Digitalization
For industrial businesses to reach the next level of digitalization, they need to create accurate, virtual representations of their physical systems. NVIDIA is working with Hexagon, the Stockholm-based global leader in digital reality solutions ...

June 12, 2023
Meet the Maker: Software Engineer Ramps Up NVIDIA Jetson to Build Self-Driving Skate Park
Kirk Kaiser grew up a fan of the video game Paperboy, where players act as cyclists delivering newspapers while encountering various obstacles, like ramps that appear in the middle of the street. This was the inspiration behind the software ...

June 09, 2023
Eye in the Sky With AI: UCSB Initiative Aims to Pulverize Space Threats Using NVIDIA RTX
When meteor showers occur every few months, viewers get to watch a dazzling scene of shooting stars and light streaks scattering across the night sky. Normally, meteors are just small pieces of rock and dust from space that quickly burn up upon ...

June 08, 2023
NVIDIA Stockholder Meeting Set for June 22; Individuals Can Participate Online
SANTA CLARA, Calif., June 08, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA today announced it will hold its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders online on Thursday, June 22, at 11 a.m. PT. The meeting will ...

June 08, 2023
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Event for Financial Community
SANTA CLARA, Calif., June 08, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA will present at the following event for the financial community: Nasdaq Investor Conference in Partnership with ...

June 08, 2023
Link-credible: Get in the Game Faster With Steam, Epic Games Store and Ubisoft Account Linking on GeForce NOW
Get into your favorite games faster by linking GeForce NOW to Steam, Epic Games Store and Ubisoft accounts. And get a peek at more games coming to GeForce NOW later this year by tuning in to Ubisoft Forward on Monday, June 12, when the game ...

June 07, 2023
Taking AI to School: A Conversation With MIT’s Anant Agarwal
In the latest episode of NVIDIA’s AI Podcast, Anant Agarwal, founder of edX and Chief Platform Officer at 2U, shared his vision for the future of online education and how AI is revolutionizing the learning experience. Agarwal, a strong advocate for ...

June 27, 2023
Quicker Cures: How Insilico Medicine Uses Generative AI to Accelerate Drug Discovery
While generative AI is a relatively new household term, drug discovery company Insilico Medicine has been using it for years to develop new therapies for debilitating diseases. The company’s early bet on deep learning is bearing fruit — a drug ...

June 26, 2023
Snowflake and NVIDIA Team to Help Businesses Harness Their Data for Generative AI in the Data Cloud
Integration of NVIDIA NeMo With Snowflake Will Let Businesses Securely Build Custom Large Language Models Using Their Own Proprietary Data in the Snowflake Data Cloud
Snowflake, the Data Cloud Company, and NVIDIA today announced at Snowflake Summit 2023 that they are partnering to provide businesses of all sizes with an accelerated path to create customized generative AI applications using their own proprietary ...

June 23, 2023
Deep Learning Digs Deep: AI Unveils New Large-Scale Images in Peruvian Desert
Researchers at Yamagata University in Japan have harnessed AI to uncover four previously unseen geoglyphs — images on the ground, some as wide as 1,200 feet, made using the land’s elements — in Nazca, a seven-hour drive south of Lima, Peru. The ...

June 22, 2023
Scientists Improve Delirium Detection Using AI and Rapid-Response EEGs
Detecting delirium isn’t easy, but it can have a big payoff: speeding essential care to patients, leading to quicker and surer recovery. Improved detection also reduces the need for long-term skilled care, enhancing the quality of life for patients ...

June 22, 2023
A Golden Age: ‘Age of Empires III’ Joins GeForce NOW
Conquer the lands in Microsoft’s award-winning Age of Empires III: Definitive Edition. It leads 10 new games supported today on GeForce NOW. At Your Command Age of Empires III: Definitive Edition is a remaster of one of the most beloved real-time ...

June 21, 2023
Shell-e-brate Good Times in 3D With ‘Kingsletter’ This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Amir Anbarestani, an accomplished 3D artist who goes by the moniker Kingsletter, had a “shell of a good time” creating his Space Turtle scene this week In the NVIDIA Studio.

June 21, 2023
Into the Omniverse: Universal Scene Description Support for Marvelous Designer Lets Users Tailor Digital Assets, Clothes for 3D Characters
Whether animating fish fins or fashioning chic outfits for digital characters, creators can tap Marvelous Designer software to compose and tailor assets, clothes and other materials for their 3D workflows.

June 20, 2023
NVIDIA CEO: Creators Will Be “Supercharged” by Generative AI
Generative AI will “supercharge” creators across industries and content types, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang said today at the Cannes Lions Festival, on the French Riviera. “For the very first time, the creative process can be amplified in ...

June 15, 2023
NVIDIA Research Wins Autonomous Driving Challenge, Innovation Award at CVPR
NVIDIA will be showcased next week as the winner of the fiercely contested 3D Occupancy Prediction Challenge for autonomous driving development at the Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Conference (CVPR), in Vancouver, Canada. The competition ...

June 15, 2023
Do Pass Go, Do Collect More Games: Xbox Game Pass Coming to GeForce NOW
Xbox Game Pass support is coming to GeForce NOW. Members will soon be able to play supported PC games from the Xbox Game Pass catalog through NVIDIA’s cloud gaming servers. Learn more about how support for Game Pass and Microsoft Store will roll out ...

June 29, 2023
What Is Robotics Simulation?
Robots are moving goods in warehouses, packaging foods and helping assemble vehicles — when they’re not flipping burgers or serving lattes. How did they get so skilled so fast? Robotics simulation. Making leaps in progress, it’s transforming ...

June 29, 2023
Calm, Cool and Creative: MUE Studio Showcases 3D Scenes ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
MUE Studio, founded by 3D artists Minjin Kang and Mijoo Kim, specializes in art direction, photography and 3D design for campaigns and installations.

June 29, 2023
‘Remnant II’ Headlines 14 Games Joining GeForce NOW in July
It’s a jam-packed July with 14 newly supported titles in the GeForce NOW library, including Remnant II from Gunfire Games and Gearbox Publishing. Need a new adventure? Check out the nine additions streaming from the cloud this week. Plus, the Steam ...

June 28, 2023
Watch This Space: New Field of Spatial Finance Uses AI to Estimate Risk, Monitor Assets, Analyze Claims
When making financial decisions, it’s important to look at the big picture — say, one taken from a drone, satellite or AI-powered sensor. The emerging field of spatial finance harnesses AI insights from remote sensors and aerial imagery to help ...

June 28, 2023
Who’ll Stop the Rain? Scientists Call for Climate Collaboration
A trio of top scientists is helping lead one of the most ambitious efforts in the history of computing — building a digital twin of Earth. Peter Bauer, Bjorn Stevens and Francisco “Paco” Doblas-Reyes agree that a digital twin of Earth needs to ...

June 28, 2023
Field to Fork: Startup Serves Food Industry an AI Smorgasbord
It worked like magic. Computer vision algorithms running in a data center saw that a disease was about to infect a distant wheat field in India. Sixteen days later, workers in the field found the first evidence of the outbreak. It was the kind of ...

June 28, 2023
Matice Founder and Harvard Professor Jessica Whited on Harnessing Regenerative Species — and AI — for Medical Breakthroughs
Scientists at Matice Biosciences are using AI to study the regeneration of tissues in animals known as super-regenerators, such as salamanders and planarians. The goal of the research is to develop new treatments that will help humans heal from ...

June 27, 2023
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Event for Financial Community
SANTA CLARA, Calif., June 27, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA will present at the following event for the financial community: Piper Sandler Webinar: Networks for AIWednesday, June 28, 9 a.m. ...

June 27, 2023
NVIDIA H100 GPUs Set Standard for Generative AI in Debut MLPerf Benchmark
Leading users and industry-standard benchmarks agree: NVIDIA H100 Tensor Core GPUs deliver the best AI performance, especially on the large language models (LLMs) powering generative AI. H100 GPUs set new records on all eight tests in the latest ...

June 27, 2023
Meet the Omnivore: Startup Develops App Letting Users Turn Objects Into 3D Models With Just a Smartphone
Editor’s note: This post is a part of our Meet the Omnivore series, which features individual creators and developers who accelerate 3D workflows and create virtual worlds using NVIDIA Omniverse, a development platform built on Universal Scene ...

July 12, 2023
Score! Team NVIDIA Takes Trophy in Recommendation Systems
A crack NVIDIA team of five machine learning experts spread across four continents won all three tasks in a hotly contested, prestigious competition to build state-of-the-art recommendation systems. The results reflect the group’s savvy applying the ...

July 12, 2023
MosaicML Helps AI Users Boost Accuracy, Cut Costs and Save Time
Startup MosaicML is on a mission to help the AI community improve prediction accuracy, decrease costs and save time by providing tools for easy training and deployment of large AI models. In this episode of NVIDIA’s AI Podcast, host Noah Kravitz ...

July 11, 2023
Sierra Division Presents Three Epic Projects Built With NVIDIA Omniverse
Jacob Norris is a 3D artist and the president, co-founder and creative director of Sierra Division Studios — an outsource studio specializing in digital 3D content creation.

July 10, 2023
Design Speed Takes the Lead: Trek Bicycle Competes in Tour de France With Bikes Developed Using NVIDIA GPUs
NVIDIA RTX is spinning new cycles for designs. Trek Bicycle is using GPUs to bring design concepts to life. The Wisconsin-based company, one of the largest bicycle manufacturers in the world, aims to create bikes with the highest-quality ...

July 06, 2023
‘My Favorite 3D App’: Blender Fanatic Shares His Japanese-Inspired Scene This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
A diverse range of artists, fashionistas, musicians and the cinematic arts inspired the creative journey of Pedro Soares, aka Blendeered, and helped him fall in love with using 3D to create art.

July 06, 2023
Here’s the Deal: Steam Summer Sale Games Streaming on GeForce NOW
GFN Thursday arrives alongside the sweet Steam Summer Sale — with hundreds of PC games playable on GeForce NOW available during Valve’s special event for PC gamers. Also on sale, OCTOPATH TRAVELER and OCTOPATH TRAVELER II join the GeForce NOW ...

July 05, 2023
NVIDIA CEO, European Generative AI Execs Discuss Keys to Success
Three leading European generative AI startups joined NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang this week to talk about the new era of computing. More than 500 developers, researchers, entrepreneurs and executives from across Europe and further afield ...

July 05, 2023
XPENG Unleashes G6 Coupe SUV for Mainstream Market
China electric vehicle maker XPENG Motors has announced its new G6 coupe SUV — featuring an NVIDIA-powered intelligent advanced driver assistance system — is now available to the China market. The G6 is XPENG’s first model featuring the company’s ...

July 05, 2023
A Change in the Weather: AI, Accelerated Computing Promise Faster, More Efficient Predictions
The increased frequency and severity of extreme weather and climate events could take a million lives and cost $1.7 trillion annually by 2050, according to the Munich Reinsurance Company. This underscores a critical need for accurate weather ...

July 03, 2023
AI, Digital Twins to Unleash Next Wave of Climate Research Innovation
AI and accelerated computing will help climate researchers achieve the miracles they need to achieve breakthroughs in climate research, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang said during a keynote Monday at the Berlin Summit for the Earth ...

July 26, 2023
NVIDIA H100 GPUs Now Available on AWS Cloud
AWS users can now access the leading performance demonstrated in industry benchmarks of AI training and inference. The cloud giant officially switched on a new Amazon EC2 P5 instance powered by NVIDIA H100 Tensor Core GPUs. The service lets users ...

July 26, 2023
Codeium’s Varun Mohan and Jeff Wang on Unleashing the Power of AI in Software Development
The world increasingly runs on code. Accelerating the work of those who create that code will boost their productivity — and that’s just what AI startup Codeium, a member of NVIDIA’s Inception program for startups, aims to do. On the latest episode ...

July 25, 2023
Fin-tastic: 3D Artist Dives Into AI-Powered Oceanic Work This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
We’re gonna need a bigger boat this week In the NVIDIA Studio as Alessandro Mastronardi, senior artist and programmer at BBC Studios, shares heart-stopping shark videos and renders.

July 25, 2023
NVIDIA DGX Cloud Now Available to Supercharge Generative AI Training
NVIDIA DGX Cloud — which delivers tools that can turn nearly any company into an AI company — is now broadly available, with thousands of NVIDIA GPUs online on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, as well as NVIDIA infrastructure located in the U.S. and ...

July 24, 2023
NVIDIA Names Melissa Lora to Board of Directors
NVIDIA today announced that it has named to its board of directors Melissa Lora, who spent three decades as an executive at Taco Bell Corp., a subsidiary of Yum! Brands, Inc., before retiring in 2018 as president of Taco Bell International.

July 20, 2023
So, So Fresh: Play the Newest Games in the Cloud on Day One
It’s a party this GFN Thursday with several newly launched titles streaming on GeForce NOW. Revel in gaming goodness with Xenonauts 2, Viewfinder and Techtonica, among the four new games joining the cloud this week. Portal fans, stay tuned — the ...

July 19, 2023
Sailing Seas of Data: Startup Charts Autonomous Oceanic Monitoring
Saildrone is making a splash in autonomous oceanic monitoring. The startup’s nautical data collection technology has tracked hurricanes up close in the North Atlantic, discovered a 3,200-foot underwater mountain in the Pacific Ocean and begun to ...

July 18, 2023
Reborn, Remastered and Remixed: ‘Portal: Prelude RTX’ Rejuvenates Legendary Gaming Mod
The “Portal: Prelude RTX” gaming mod — a remastering of the popular unofficial “Portal” prequel — comes with full ray tracing, DLSS 3 and RTX IO technology for cutting-edge, AI-powered graphics that rejuvenate the legendary mod for gamers, creators, ...

July 13, 2023
AI-Fueled Productivity: Generative AI Opens New Era of Efficiency Across Industries
A watershed moment on Nov. 22, 2022, was mostly virtual, yet it shook the foundations of nearly every industry on the planet. On that day, OpenAI released ChatGPT, the most advanced artificial intelligence chatbot ever developed. This set off demand ...

July 13, 2023
Full-Scale Gaming: ‘Dragon’s Dogma: Dark Arisen’ Comes to GeForce NOW
Arise, members! Capcom’s legendary role-playing game Dragon’s Dogma: Dark Arisen joins the GeForce NOW library today. The RPG and THQ Nordic’s Jagged Alliance 3 are newly supported on GeForce NOW, playable on nearly any device. From Dusk Till Pawn ...

August 03, 2023
How to Build Generative AI Applications and 3D Virtual Worlds
To grow and succeed, organizations must continuously focus on technical skills development, especially in rapidly advancing areas of technology, such as generative AI and the creation of 3D virtual worlds. NVIDIA Training, which equips teams with ...

August 03, 2023
An Ultimate GFN Thursday: 41 New Games, Plus ‘Baldur’s Gate 3’ Full Release and First Bethesda Titles to Join the Cloud in August
The Ultimate upgrade is complete — GeForce NOW Ultimate performance is now streaming all throughout North America and Europe, delivering RTX 4080-class power for gamers across these regions. Celebrate this month with 41 new games, on top of the full ...

August 02, 2023
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for Second-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of CallSANTA CLARA, Calif., Aug. 02, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA will host a conference call on Wednesday, Aug. 23, at 2 p.m. PT (5 p.m. ET), ...

August 01, 2023
NVIDIA Helps Forge Forum to Set OpenUSD Standard for 3D Worlds
NVIDIA joined Pixar, Adobe, Apple and Autodesk today to found the Alliance for OpenUSD, a major leap toward unlocking the next era of 3D graphics, design and simulation. The group will standardize and extend OpenUSD, the open-source Universal Scene ...

August 01, 2023
Pixar, Adobe, Apple, Autodesk, and NVIDIA Form Alliance for OpenUSD to Drive Open Standards for 3D Content
Alliance to Foster Global Collaboration for Universal Scene Description (USD)
Pixar, Adobe, Apple, Autodesk, and NVIDIA, together with the Joint Development Foundation (JDF), an affiliate of the Linux Foundation, today announced the Alliance for OpenUSD (AOUSD) to promote the standardization, development, evolution, and ...

August 01, 2023
Cuddly 3D Creature Comes to Life in Father-Son Collaboration This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Principal NVIDIA artist and 3D expert Michael Johnson creates highly detailed art that’s both technically impressive and emotionally resonant.

July 27, 2023
Developers Look to OpenUSD in Era of AI and Industrial Digitalization
From smart factories to next-generation railway systems, developers and enterprises across the world are racing to fuel industrial digitalization opportunities at every scale. Key to this is the open-source Universal Scene Description (USD) ...

July 27, 2023
How AI Is Powering the Future of Clean Energy
AI is improving ways to power the world by tapping the sun and the wind, along with cutting-edge technologies. The latest episode in the I AM AI video series showcases how artificial intelligence can help optimize solar and wind farms, simulate ...

July 27, 2023
Gear Up and Game On: Gearbox’s ‘Remnant II’ Streaming on GeForce NOW
Get ready for Gunfire Games and Gearbox Publishing’s highly anticipated Remnant II, available for members to stream on GeForce NOW at launch. It leads eight new games coming to the cloud gaming platform. Ultimate and Priority members, make sure to ...

July 26, 2023
ServiceNow, NVIDIA, and Accenture Team to Accelerate Generative AI Adoption for Enterprises
First-of-Its-Kind AI Lighthouse Program Lets Partners Collaborate With Customers in Creating Generative AI-Based Initiatives to Transform Their Business Operations
ServiceNow (NYSE: NOW), NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA), and Accenture (NYSE: ACN) today announced the launch of AI Lighthouse, a first-of-its-kind program designed to fast-track the development and adoption of enterprise generative AI capabilities.

August 08, 2023
Content Creation ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’ Gets Boost From New Professional GPUs, AI Tools, Omniverse and OpenUSD Collaboration Features
AI and accelerated computing were in the spotlight at SIGGRAPH — the world’s largest gathering of computer graphics experts — as NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang announced during his keynote address updates to NVIDIA Omniverse, a platform for ...

August 08, 2023
Shutterstock Brings Generative AI to 3D Scene Backgrounds With NVIDIA Picasso
Picture this: Creators can quickly create and customize 3D scene backgrounds with the help of generative AI, thanks to cutting-edge tools from Shutterstock. The visual-content provider is building services using NVIDIA Picasso — a cloud-based ...

August 08, 2023
A Textured Approach: NVIDIA Research Shows How Gen AI Helps Create and Edit Photorealistic Materials
NVIDIA researchers are taking the stage at SIGGRAPH, the world’s largest computer graphics conference, to demonstrate a generative AI workflow that helps artists rapidly create and iterate on materials for 3D scenes. The research demo, which will be ...

August 08, 2023
DENZA Collaborates With WPP to Build and Deploy Advanced Car Configurators on NVIDIA Omniverse Cloud
DENZA, the luxury EV brand joint venture between BYD and Mercedes-Benz, has collaborated with marketing and communications giant WPP and NVIDIA Omniverse Cloud to build and deploy its next generation of car configurators, NVIDIA founder and CEO ...

August 08, 2023
NVIDIA AI Workbench Speeds Adoption of Custom Generative AI for World’s Enterprises
New Developer Toolkit Introduces Simplified Model Tuning and Deployment on NVIDIA AI Platforms — From PCs and Workstations to Enterprise Data Centers, Public Clouds and NVIDIA DGX Cloud
NVIDIA today announced NVIDIA AI Workbench, a unified, easy-to-use toolkit that allows developers to quickly create, test and customize pretrained generative AI models on a PC or workstation — then scale them to virtually any data center, public ...

August 08, 2023
NVIDIA and Hugging Face to Connect Millions of Developers to Generative AI Supercomputing
Integration of NVIDIA DGX Cloud in Hugging Face Platform to Speed LLM Training and Tuning, Simplifies Customizing Models for Nearly Every Industry
NVIDIA and Hugging Face today announced a partnership that will put generative AI supercomputing at the fingertips of millions of developers building large language models (LLMs) and other advanced AI applications.

August 08, 2023
NVIDIA Unveils Next-Generation GH200 Grace Hopper Superchip Platform for Era of Accelerated Computing and Generative AI
World’s First HBM3e Processor Offers Groundbreaking Memory, Bandwidth; Ability to Connect Multiple GPUs for Exceptional Performance; Easily Scalable Server Design
NVIDIA today announced the next-generation NVIDIA GH200 Grace Hopper™ platform — based on a new Grace Hopper Superchip with the world’s first HBM3e processor — built for the era of accelerated computing and generative AI.

August 07, 2023
NVIDIA H100 Tensor Core GPU Used on New Microsoft Azure Virtual Machine Series Now Generally Available
Microsoft Azure users can now turn to the latest NVIDIA accelerated computing technology to train and deploy their generative AI applications. Available today, the Microsoft Azure ND H100 v5 VMs using NVIDIA H100 Tensor Core GPUs and NVIDIA ...

August 04, 2023
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang Returns to SIGGRAPH
One pandemic and one generative AI revolution later, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang returns to the SIGGRAPH stage next week to deliver a live keynote at the world’s largest professional graphics conference. The address, slated for Tuesday, Aug. ...

August 03, 2023
Meet the Maker: Developer Taps NVIDIA Jetson as Force Behind AI-Powered Pit Droid
Goran Vuksic is the brain behind a project to build a real-world pit droid, a type of Star Wars bot that repairs and maintains podracers which zoom across the much-loved film series. The edge AI Jedi used an NVIDIA Jetson Orin Nano Developer Kit as ...

August 10, 2023
Visual Effects Multiplier: Wylie Co. Goes All in on GPU Rendering for 24x Returns
Visual effects studios have long relied on render farms — vast numbers of servers — for computationally intensive, complex special effects, but that landscape is rapidly changing. Read article >

August 09, 2023
Generative AI Revs Up New Age in Auto Industry, From Design and Engineering to Production and Sales
Generating content and code. Creating images and videos. Testing algorithms with synthetic data. Generative AI is a force multiplier enabling leaps in productivity and creativity for nearly every industry, particularly… Read article >

August 08, 2023
NVIDIA CEO Brings Generative AI to SIGGRAPH
As generative AI continues to sweep an increasingly digital, hyperconnected world, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang made a thunderous return to SIGGRAPH, the world’s premier computer graphics conference. “The generative AI era is upon us, the ...

August 08, 2023
Startup Pens Generative AI Success Story With NVIDIA NeMo
Machine learning helped Waseem Alshikh plow through textbooks in college. Now he’s putting generative AI to work, creating content for hundreds of companies. Born and raised in Syria, Alshikh spoke no English, but he was fluent in software, a talent ...

August 08, 2023
NVIDIA Releases Major Omniverse Upgrade With Generative AI and OpenUSD
New Platform Updates, Connections to Adobe Firefly, OpenUSD to RealityKit, Ada-Generation Systems Accelerate Interoperable 3D Workflows and Industrial Digitalization
NVIDIA today announced a major release of its NVIDIA Omniverse™ platform, offering new foundation applications and services for developers and industrial enterprises to optimize and enhance their 3D pipelines with the OpenUSD framework and ...

August 08, 2023
NVIDIA Makes Extended-Reality Streaming More Scalable, Customizable for Enterprises and Developers
Organizations across industries are using extended reality (XR) to redesign workflows and boost productivity, whether for immersive training or collaborative design reviews. With the growing use of all-in-one (AIO) headsets, more teams have adopted ...

August 08, 2023
Extended Cut: NVIDIA Expands Maxine for Video Editing, Showcases 3D Virtual Conferencing Research
Professionals, teams, creators and others can tap into the power of AI to create high-quality audio and video effects — even using standard microphones and webcams — with the help of NVIDIA Maxine. The suite of GPU-accelerated software development ...

August 08, 2023
NVIDIA Omniverse Opens Portals to Vast Worlds of OpenUSD
New Omniverse Cloud APIs Help Developers Adopt OpenUSD; Generative AI Model ChatUSD LLM Converses in USD; RunUSD Translates USD to Interactive Graphics, DeepSearch LLM Enables Semantic 3D Search
New Omniverse Cloud APIs Help Developers Adopt OpenUSD; Generative AI Model ChatUSD LLM Converses in USD; RunUSD Translates USD to Interactive Graphics, DeepSearch LLM Enables Semantic 3D ...

August 08, 2023
NVIDIA, Global Data Center System Manufacturers to Supercharge Generative AI and Industrial Digitalization
OVX Servers Feature New NVIDIA GPUs to Accelerate Training and Inference, Graphics-Intensive Workloads; Coming Soon From Dell Technologies, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Lenovo, Supermicro and More
NVIDIA today announced NVIDIA OVX™ servers featuring the new NVIDIA® L40S GPU, a powerful, universal data center processor designed to accelerate the most compute-intensive, complex applications, including AI training and inference, 3D design and ...

August 08, 2023
NVIDIA, Global Workstation Manufacturers to Launch Powerful Systems for Generative AI and LLM Development, Content Creation, Data Science
Desktops Feature NVIDIA RTX 6000 Ada GPUs, NVIDIA Omniverse and NVIDIA AI Enterprise Software
NVIDIA and global manufacturers today announced powerful new NVIDIA RTX™ workstations designed for development and content creation in the age of generative AI and digitalization.

August 22, 2023
NVIDIA Debuts AI-Enhanced Real-Time Ray Tracing for Games and Apps With New DLSS 3.5
The latest advancements in AI for gaming are in the spotlight today at Gamescom, the world’s largest gaming conference, as NVIDIA introduced a host of technologies, starting with DLSS 3.5, the next step forward of its breakthrough AI neural ...

August 21, 2023
NVIDIA Chief Scientist Bill Dally to Keynote at Hot Chips
Bill Dally — one of the world’s foremost computer scientists and head of NVIDIA’s research efforts — will describe the forces driving accelerated computing and AI in his keynote address at Hot Chips, an annual gathering of leading processor and ...

August 17, 2023
The Proof Is in the Cloud: GeForce NOW Announces Ultimate KovaaK’s Challenge Results
The verdict is in: A GeForce NOW Ultimate membership raises the bar on gaming. Members have been tackling the Ultimate KovvaK’s challenge head-on and seeing for themselves how the power of Ultimate improves their gaming with 240 frames per second ...

August 16, 2023
‘Founders Edition’ Week Offers Summer Interns the Full NVIDIA Experience
NVIDIA interns around the globe wrapped up a week of “Our Founders Edition” celebrations — a nod to a special line of GeForce cards — which featured company lore and talks from founders Jensen Huang and Chris Malachowsky. Read article >

August 16, 2023
Replit CEO Amjad Masad on Empowering the Next Billion Software Creators
Replit aims to empower the next billion software creators. In this week’s episode of NVIDIA’s AI Podcast, host Noah Kraviz dives into a conversation with Replit CEO Amjad Masad. Read article >

August 16, 2023
Into the Omniverse: Reallusion Elevates Character Animation Workflows With Two-Way Live Sync and OpenUSD Support
Whether animating a single 3D character or generating a group of them for industrial digitalization, creators and developers who use the popular Reallusion software can boost their workflows with the latest update to the iClone Omniverse Connector ...

August 15, 2023
Quality Control Patrol: Startup Builds Models for Detecting Vehicle Failure Patterns
When it comes to preserving profit margins, data scientists for vehicle and parts manufacturers are sitting in the driver’s seat. Viaduct, which develops models for time-series inference, is helping enterprises harvest failure insights from the data ...

August 15, 2023
Best-in-Class Is in Session: New NVIDIA Studio Laptops Supercharge Content, Gaming and Education
The start of a new school year is an ideal time for students to upgrade their content creation, gaming and educational capabilities by picking up an NVIDIA Studio laptop, powered by GeForce RTX 40 Series graphics cards. Read article >

August 10, 2023
Challenge Accepted: GeForce NOW Fires Up the Cloud With Ultimate Challenge and First Bethesda Games
Rise and shine, it’s time to quake up — the GeForce NOW Ultimate KovaaK’s challenge kicks off at the QuakeCon gaming festival today, giving gamers everywhere the chance to play to their ultimate potential with ultra-high 240 frames per second ...

August 10, 2023
Strength in Numbers: NVIDIA and Generative Red Team Challenge Unleash Thousands to Vet Security at DEF CON
Thousands of hackers will tweak, twist and probe the latest generative AI platforms this week in Las Vegas as part of an effort to build more trustworthy and inclusive AI. Read article >

August 29, 2023
Google Cloud and NVIDIA Take Collaboration to the Next Level
As generative AI and large language models (LLMs) continue to drive innovations, compute requirements for training and inference have grown at an astonishing pace. To meet that need, Google Cloud today announced the general availability of its new ...

August 29, 2023
Google Cloud and NVIDIA Expand Partnership to Advance AI Computing, Software and Services
NVIDIA Generative AI Technology Used by Google DeepMind and Google Research Teams Now Optimized and Available to Google Cloud Customers Worldwide
Google Cloud and NVIDIA today announced new AI infrastructure and software for customers to build and deploy massive models for generative AI and speed data science workloads.

August 29, 2023
Advantage AI: Elevated Creative Workflows in NVIDIA Canvas, Blender, TikTok and CapCut
Janice K. Lee, a.k.a Janice.Journal — the subject of this week’s In the NVIDIA Studio installment — is a TikTok sensation using AI to accelerate her creative process, find inspiration and automate repetitive tasks.

August 28, 2023
Saving Green: Accelerated Analytics Cuts Costs and Carbon
Companies are discovering how accelerated computing can boost their bottom lines while making a positive impact on the planet. The NVIDIA RAPIDS Accelerator for Apache Spark, software that speeds data analytics, not only raises performance and ...

August 24, 2023
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
SANTA CLARA, Calif., Aug. 24, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community: Goldman Sachs Communacopia & Technology ConferenceTuesday, Sept. ...

August 24, 2023
Xbox PC Game Pass Comes to GeForce NOW, Along With 25 New Games
As part of NVIDIA and Microsoft’s collaboration to bring more choice to gamers, new Microsoft Store integration has been added to GeForce NOW that lets gamers stream select titles from the Xbox PC Game Pass catalog on GeForce NOW, starting today. ...

August 23, 2023
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Second Quarter Fiscal 2024
NVIDIA today reported revenue for the second quarter ended July 30, 2023, of $13.51 billion, up 101% from a year ago and up 88% from the previous quarter.

August 22, 2023
VMware and NVIDIA Unlock Generative AI for Enterprises
New VMware Private AI Foundation With NVIDIA Enables Enterprises to Ready Their Businesses for Generative AI; Platform to Further Support Data Privacy, Security and Control
VMware Inc. and NVIDIA today announced the expansion of their strategic partnership to ready the hundreds of thousands of enterprises that run on VMware’s cloud infrastructure for the era of generative AI.

August 22, 2023
NVIDIA AI-Ready Servers From World’s Leading System Manufacturers to Supercharge Generative AI for Enterprises
Servers Featuring NVIDIA L40S GPUs and NVIDIA BlueField Coming Soon From Dell Technologies, Hewlett Packard Enterprise and Lenovo to Support VMware Private AI Foundation with NVIDIA
NVIDIA today announced the world’s leading system manufacturers will deliver AI-ready servers that support VMware Private AI Foundation with NVIDIA, announced separately today, to help companies customize and deploy generative AI applications using ...

August 22, 2023
Coming This Fall: NVIDIA DLSS 3.5 for Chaos Vantage, D5 Render, Omniverse and Popular Game Titles
On the eve of Gamescom, NVIDIA announced NVIDIA DLSS 3.5 featuring Ray Reconstruction — a new neural rendering AI model that creates more beautiful and realistic ray-traced visuals than traditional rendering methods — for real-time 3D creative apps ...

September 06, 2023
‘Arteana’s Art Squad’ Assembles — Indie Showrunner Rafi Nizam Creates High-End Children’s Show on a Budget
Rafi Nizam is an award-winning independent animator, director, character designer and more. He’s developed feature films at Sony Pictures, children’s series and comedies at BBC and global transmedia content at NBCUniversal.

September 05, 2023
The Halo Effect: AI Deep Dives Into Coral Reef Conservation
With coral reefs in rapid decline across the globe, researchers from the University of Hawaii at Mānoa have pioneered an AI-based surveying tool that monitors reef health from the sky. Using deep learning models and high-resolution satellite imagery ...

September 05, 2023
A Perfect Pair: adidas and Covision Media Use AI, NVIDIA RTX to Create Photorealistic 3D Content
Creating 3D scans of physical products can be time consuming. Businesses often use traditional methods, like photogrammetry-based apps and scanners, but these can take hours or even days. They also don’t always provide the 3D quality and level of ...

September 04, 2023
NVIDIA CEO Meets With India Prime Minister Narendra Modi
Underscoring NVIDIA’s growing relationship with the global technology superpower, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi met with NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang Monday evening. The meeting at 7 Lok Kalyan Marg — as the prime minister’s official ...

August 31, 2023
Meet Five Generative AI Innovators in Africa and the Middle East
Entrepreneurs are cultivating generative AI from the west coast of Africa to the eastern edge of the Arabian Desert. Gen AI is the latest of the big plans Kofi Genfi and Nii Osae have been hatching since they met 15 years ago in high school in ...

August 31, 2023
Morphobots for Mars: Caltech Develops All-Terrain Robot as Candidate for NASA Mission
Academics Mory Gharib and Alireza Ramezani in 2020 were spitballing a transforming robot that is now getting a shot at work that’s literally out of this world: NASA Mars Rover missions. Caltech has unveiled its multi-talented robot that can fly, ...

August 31, 2023
GeForce NOW Gets Wild, With ‘Party Animals’ Leading 24 New Games in September
Just like that, summer falls into September, and some of the most anticipated games of the year, like the Cyberpunk 2077: Phantom Liberty expansion, PAYDAY 3 and Party Animals, are dropping into the GeForce NOW library at launch this month. They’re ...

August 30, 2023
AI Lands at Bengaluru Airport With IoT Company’s Intelligent Video Analytics Platform
Each year, nearly 32 million people travel through the Bengaluru Airport, or BLR, one of the busiest airports in the world’s most populous nation. To provide such multitudes with a safer, quicker experience, the airport in the city formerly known as ...

August 30, 2023
Deepdub’s AI Redefining Dubbing from Hollywood to Bollywood
In the global entertainment landscape, TV show and film production stretches far beyond Hollywood or Bollywood — it’s a worldwide phenomenon. However, while streaming platforms have broadened the reach of content, dubbing and translation technology ...

August 29, 2023
Wide Horizons: NVIDIA Keynote Points Way to Further AI Advances
Dramatic gains in hardware performance have spawned generative AI, and a rich pipeline of ideas for future speedups that will drive machine learning to new heights, Bill Dally, NVIDIA’s chief scientist and senior vice president of research, said ...

September 12, 2023
Mobility Gets Amped: IAA Show Floor Energized by Surge in EV Reveals, Generative AI
Generative AI’s transformative effect on the auto industry took center stage last week at the International Motor Show Germany, known as IAA, in Munich. NVIDIA’s Danny Shapiro, VP of automotive marketing, explained in his IAA keynote how this ...

September 12, 2023
A Quantum Boost: cuQuantum With PennyLane Lets Simulations Ride Supercomputers
Ten miles in from Long Island’s Atlantic coast, Shinjae Yoo is revving his engine. The computational scientist and machine learning group lead at the U.S. Department of Energy’s Brookhaven National Laboratory is one of many researchers gearing up to ...

September 12, 2023
One Small Step for Artists, One Giant Leap for Creative-Kind
Editor’s note: This post is part of our weekly In the NVIDIA Studio series, which celebrates featured artists, offers creative tips and tricks and demonstrates how NVIDIA Studio technology improves creative workflows. When it comes to converting 2D ...

September 11, 2023
NVIDIA Grace Hopper Superchip Sweeps MLPerf Inference Benchmarks
In its debut on the MLPerf industry benchmarks, the NVIDIA GH200 Grace Hopper Superchip ran all data center inference tests, extending the leading performance of NVIDIA H100 Tensor Core GPUs. The overall results showed the exceptional performance ...

September 08, 2023
NVIDIA Partners with India Giants to Advance AI in World’s Most Populous Nation
The world’s largest democracy is poised to transform itself and the world, embracing AI on an enormous scale. Speaking with the press Friday in Bengaluru, in the context of announcements from two of India’s largest conglomerates, Reliance Industries ...

September 08, 2023
Tata Partners With NVIDIA to Build Large-Scale AI Infrastructure
State-of-the-Art AI Supercomputer to Provide Infrastructure-as-a-Service and Platform for AI Services
NVIDIA today announced an extensive collaboration with Tata Group to deliver AI computing infrastructure and platforms for developing AI solutions. The collaboration will bring state-of-the-art AI capabilities within reach to thousands of ...

September 08, 2023
Reliance and NVIDIA Partner to Advance AI in India, for India
Companies to Build Supercomputing Infrastructure to Support Exponential Computational Demands of AI
In a major step to support India’s industrial sector, NVIDIA and Reliance Industries today announced a collaboration to develop India’s own foundation large language model trained on the nation’s diverse languages and tailored for generative AI ...

September 07, 2023
How Industries Are Meeting Consumer Expectations With Speech AI
Thanks to rapid technological advances, consumers have become accustomed to an unprecedented level of convenience and efficiency. Smartphones make it easier than ever to search for a product and have it delivered right to the front door. Video chat ...

September 07, 2023
Attention, Please: Focus Entertainment Brings Game Pass Titles to GeForce NOW
GeForce NOW brings expanded support for PC Game Pass to members this week. Members can stream eight more games from Microsoft’s subscription service, including four titles from hit publisher Focus Entertainment. Play A Plague Tale: Requiem, Atomic ...

September 06, 2023
A Powerful Legacy: Researcher’s Mom Fueled Passion for Nuclear Fusion
Before she entered high school, Ge Dong wanted to be a physicist like her mom, a professor at Shanghai Jiao Tong University.

September 21, 2023
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang to Headline AI Summit in Tel Aviv
NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang will highlight the newest in generative AI and cloud computing at the NVIDIA AI Summit in Tel Aviv from Oct. 15-16. The two-day summit is set to attract more than 2,500 developers, researchers and decision-makers ...

September 21, 2023
Cash In: ‘PAYDAY 3’ Streams on GeForce NOW
Time to get the gang back together — PAYDAY 3 streams on GeForce NOW this week. It’s one of 11 titles joining the cloud this week, including Party Animals. The Perfect Heist PAYDAY 3 is the highly anticipated sequel to one of the world’s most ...

September 20, 2023
Virtually Incredible: Mercedes-Benz Prepares Its Digital Production System for Next-Gen Platform With NVIDIA Omniverse, MB.OS and Generative AI
Mercedes-Benz is using digital twins for production with help from NVIDIA Omniverse, a platform for developing Universal Scene Description (OpenUSD) applications to design, collaborate, plan and operate manufacturing and assembly facilities. ...

September 20, 2023
Infosys and NVIDIA Team to Help World’s Enterprises Boost Productivity With Generative AI
Expanded Collaboration to Provide Expertise and Technology Needed to Drive Productivity Gains With Generative AI Applications and Solutions Across Industries; New Center of Excellence Will Train 50,000 Infosys Employees on NVIDIA AI Technology
Infosys, a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting, and NVIDIA today announced that they have expanded their strategic collaboration with the aim to help enterprises worldwide drive productivity gains with generative AI ...

September 19, 2023
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Offers New NVIDIA GPU-Accelerated Compute Instances
With generative AI and large language models (LLMs) driving groundbreaking innovations, the computational demands for training and inference are skyrocketing. These modern-day generative AI applications demand full-stack accelerated compute, ...

September 19, 2023
Meet the Omnivore: Industrial Designer Blends Art and OpenUSD to Create 3D Assets for AI Training
Editor’s note: This post is a part of our Meet the Omnivore series, which features individual creators and developers who use NVIDIA Omniverse and OpenUSD to accelerate their 3D workflows and create virtual worlds. As a student at the Queensland ...

September 18, 2023
Ray Shines With NVIDIA AI: Anyscale Collaboration to Help Developers Build, Tune, Train and Scale Production LLMs
Large language model development is about to reach supersonic speed thanks to a collaboration between NVIDIA and Anyscale. At its annual Ray Summit developers conference, Anyscale — the company behind the fast growing open-source unified compute ...

September 14, 2023
Shout at the Devil: Capcom’s ‘Devil May Cry 5’ Joins GeForce NOW
GFN Thursday is downright demonic, as Devil May Cry 5 comes to GeForce NOW. Capcom’s action-packed third-person brawler leads 15 titles joining the GeForce NOW library this week, including Gears Tactics and The Crew Motorfest. It’s also the last ...

September 13, 2023
Unlocking the Language of Genomes and Climates: Anima Anandkumar on Using Generative AI to Tackle Global Challenges
Generative AI-based models can not only learn and understand natural languages — they can learn the very language of nature itself, presenting new possibilities for scientific research. Anima Anandkumar, Bren Professor at Caltech and senior director ...

September 12, 2023
NVIDIA Lends Support to Washington’s Efforts to Ensure AI Safety
In an event at the White House today, NVIDIA announced support for voluntary commitments that the Biden Administration developed to ensure advanced AI systems are safe, secure and trustworthy. The news came the same day NVIDIA’s chief scientist, ...

September 28, 2023
V for Victory: ‘Cyberpunk 2077: Phantom Liberty’ Comes to GeForce NOW
The wait is over. GeForce NOW Ultimate members can experience Cyberpunk 2077: Phantom Liberty on GOG.com at full GeForce RTX 4080 quality, with support for NVIDIA DLSS 3.5 technology. It’s part of an action-packed GFN Thursday, with 26 more games ...

September 27, 2023
DENZA Unwraps Smart Driving Options for N7 Model Lineup, Powered by NVIDIA DRIVE Orin
DENZA, the luxury electric-vehicle brand and joint venture between BYD and Mercedes-Benz, is debuting new intelligent driving features for its entire N7 model lineup, powered by the NVIDIA DRIVE Orin system-on-a-chip (SoC). The N7 series was ...

September 27, 2023
The Fastest Path: Healthcare Startup Uses AI to Analyze Cancer Cells in the Operating Room
Medical-device company Invenio Imaging is developing technology that enables surgeons to evaluate tissue biopsies in the operating room, immediately after samples are collected — providing in just three minutes AI-accelerated insights that would ...

September 26, 2023
NVIDIA Works With NTT DOCOMO to Launch World’s First GPU-Accelerated 5G Network
As generative AI sweeps across corporate boardrooms around the world, global telecommunications companies are exploring how to cost-effectively deliver many of these new AI applications to the edge over 5G and upcoming 6G networks. Telcos plan to ...

September 26, 2023
NVIDIA Founder and CEO Jensen Huang Returns to Denny’s Where NVIDIA Launched a Trillion-Dollar Vision
Talk about a Grand Slam. Denny’s CEO Kelli Valade was joined Tuesday by NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang Tuesday to unveil a plaque at the Silicon Valley Denny’s where NVIDIA’s founders hatched their idea for a chip that would enable realistic 3D graphics on ...

September 26, 2023
AI Power Players: GeForce and NVIDIA RTX GPUs Supercharge Creativity, Gaming, Development, Productivity and More
From gaming to creating to everyday productivity, NVIDIA RTX graphics cards feature specialized Tensor Cores that deliver cutting-edge performance and transformative capabilities for AI.

September 25, 2023
Six Steps Toward AI Security
In the wake of ChatGPT, every company is trying to figure out its AI strategy, work that quickly raises the question: What about security? Some may feel overwhelmed at the prospect of securing new technology. The good news is policies and practices ...

September 21, 2023
NVIDIA Studio Lineup Adds RTX-Powered Microsoft Surface Laptop Studio 2
The NVIDIA Studio laptop lineup is expanding with the new Microsoft Surface Laptop Studio 2, powered by GeForce RTX 4060, GeForce RTX 4050 or NVIDIA RTX 2000 Ada Generation Laptop GPUs, providing powerful performance and versatility for creators.

September 21, 2023
Run AI on Your PC? GeForce Users Are Ahead of the Curve
Gone are the days when AI was the domain of sprawling data centers or elite researchers. For GeForce RTX users, AI is now running on your PC. It’s personal, enhancing every keystroke, every frame and every moment. Gamers are already enjoying the ...

September 21, 2023
Into the Omniverse: Blender 4.0 Alpha Release Sets Stage for New Era of OpenUSD Artistry
For seasoned 3D artists and budding digital creation enthusiasts alike, an alpha version of the popular 3D software Blender is elevating creative journeys.

October 10, 2023
MAXimum AI Performance: Latest Adobe Updates Accelerated by NVIDIA GPUs Improve Workflows for Millions of Creatives
Generative AI is helping creatives across many industries bring ideas to life at unprecedented speed. This technology will be on display at Adobe MAX, running through Thursday, Oct. 12, in person and virtually.

October 06, 2023
Keeping an AI on Quakes: Researchers Unveil Deep Learning Model to Improve Forecasts
A research team is aiming to shake up the status quo for earthquake models. Researchers from the Universities of California at Berkeley and Santa Cruz, and the Technical University of Munich recently released a paper describing a new model that ...

October 05, 2023
Brains of the Operation: Atlas Meditech Maps Future of Surgery With AI, Digital Twins
Just as athletes train for a game or actors rehearse for a performance, surgeons prepare ahead of an operation. Now, Atlas Meditech is letting brain surgeons experience a new level of realism in their pre-surgery preparation with AI and physically ...

October 05, 2023
Fall in Line for October With Nearly 60 New Games, Including Latest Game Pass Titles to Join the Cloud
October brings more than falling leaves and pumpkin spice lattes for GeForce NOW members. Get ready for nearly 60 new games to stream, including Forza Motorsport and 16 more PC Game Pass titles. Assassin’s Creed Mirage leads 29 new games to hit the ...

October 04, 2023
A Mine-Blowing Breakthrough: Open-Ended AI Agent Voyager Autonomously Plays ‘Minecraft’
For NVIDIA Senior AI Scientist Jim Fan, the video game Minecraft served as the “perfect primordial soup” for his research on open-ended AI agents. In the latest AI Podcast episode, host Noah Kravitz spoke with Fan on using large language models to ...

October 04, 2023
How AI Helps Fight Wildfires in California
California has a new weapon against the wildfires that have devastated the state: AI. A freshly launched system powered by AI trained on NVIDIA GPUs promises to provide timely alerts to first responders across the Golden State every time a blaze ...

October 03, 2023
Meet the Maker: Robotics Student Rolls Out Autonomous Wheelchair With NVIDIA Jetson
With the help of AI, robots, tractors and baby strollers — even skate parks — are becoming autonomous. One developer, Kabilan KB, is bringing autonomous-navigation capabilities to wheelchairs, which could help improve mobility for people with ...

October 03, 2023
CG Geek Makes VFX Look Easy This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Releasing a 3D tutorial dubbed The Easiest VFX Tutorial Ever takes supreme confidence and the skills to back it up. Steve Lund a.k.a. CG Geek — the featured artist of this week’s In the NVIDIA Studio installment — has both in spades.

September 29, 2023
Heeding Huang’s Law: Video Shows How Engineers Keep the Speedups Coming
In a talk, now available online, NVIDIA Chief Scientist Bill Dally describes a tectonic shift in how computer performance gets delivered in a post-Moore’s law era. Each new processor requires ingenuity and effort inventing and validating fresh ...

September 28, 2023
Kicking Games Up a Notch: Startup Sports Vision AI to Broadcast Athletics Across the Globe
Pixellot is scoring with vision AI — making it easier for organizations to deliver real-time sports broadcasting and analytics to viewers across the globe. A member of the NVIDIA Metropolis vision AI partner ecosystem, the company based near Tel ...

October 18, 2023
Making Machines Mindful: NYU Professor Talks Responsible AI
Artificial intelligence is now a household term. Responsible AI is hot on its heels. Julia Stoyanovich, associate professor of computer science and engineering at NYU and director of the university’s Center for Responsible AI, wants to make the ...

October 18, 2023
Into the Omniverse: Marmoset Brings Breakthroughs in Rendering, Extends OpenUSD Support to Enhance 3D Art Production
Real-time rendering, animation and texture baking are essential workflows for 3D art production. Using the Marmoset Toolbag software, 3D artists can enhance their creative workflows and build complex 3D models without disruptions to productivity.

October 17, 2023
NVIDIA Partners With Foxconn to Build Factories and Systems for the AI Industrial Revolution
NVIDIA AI, DRIVE AV, Isaac Robotics and Omniverse Platforms Set Foundation for Foxconn AI and Robotics Systems to Accelerate Digitalization of World’s Industries
NVIDIA today announced that it is collaborating with Hon Hai Technology Group (Foxconn) to accelerate the AI industrial revolution.

October 17, 2023
Foxconn and NVIDIA Amp Up Electric Vehicle Innovation
NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang joined Hon Hai (Foxconn) Chairman and CEO Young Liu to unveil the latest in their ongoing partnership to develop the next wave of intelligent electric vehicle (EV) platforms for the global automotive market. This ...

October 17, 2023
Striking Performance: Large Language Models up to 4x Faster on RTX With TensorRT-LLM for Windows
GeForce RTX and NVIDIA RTX GPUs, which are packed with dedicated AI processors called Tensor Cores, are bringing the power of generative AI natively to more than 100 million Windows PCs and workstations.

October 17, 2023
NVIDIA RTX Video Super Resolution Update Enhances Video Quality, Detail Preservation and Expands to GeForce RTX 20 Series GPUs
NVIDIA today announced an update to RTX Video Super Resolution (VSR) that delivers greater overall graphical fidelity with preserved details, upscaling for native videos and support for GeForce RTX 20 Series GPUs.

October 13, 2023
From Skylines to Streetscapes: How SHoP Architects Brings Innovative Designs to Life
At SHoP Architects, a New York City-based architectural firm, Mengyi Fan and her team aim to inspire industry professionals to create visual masterpieces by incorporating emerging technologies. Fan, the director of visualization at SHoP, has ...

October 12, 2023
UK Tech Festival Showcases Startups Using AI for Creative Industries
At one of the U.K.’s largest technology festivals, top enterprises and startups are this week highlighting their latest innovations, hosting workshops and celebrating the growing tech ecosystem based in the country’s southwest. The Bristol ...

October 12, 2023
Get in Gear: ‘Forza Motorsport’ Races Onto GeForce NOW
Put the pedal to the metal this GFN Thursday as Forza Motorsport leads 23 new games in the cloud. Plus, Acer’s Predator Connect 6E is the newest addition to the GeForce NOW Recommended program, with easy cloud gaming quality-of-service (QoS) ...

October 11, 2023
Take the Wheel: NVIDIA NeMo SteerLM Lets Companies Customize a Model’s Responses During Inference
Developers have a new AI-powered steering wheel to help them hug the road while they drive powerful large language models (LLMs) to their desired locations. NVIDIA NeMo SteerLM lets companies define knobs to dial in a model’s responses as it’s ...

October 25, 2023
Next-Gen Neural Networks: NVIDIA Research Announces Array of AI Advancements at NeurIPS
NVIDIA researchers are collaborating with academic centers worldwide to advance generative AI, robotics and the natural sciences — and more than a dozen of these projects will be shared at NeurIPS, one of the world’s top AI conferences. Set for Dec. ...

October 24, 2023
Lenovo and NVIDIA Announce Hybrid AI Solutions to Help Enterprises Quickly Adopt GenAI
New End-to-End Solutions Include Accelerated Systems, AI Software and Expert Services to Build and Deploy Domain-Specific AI Models with Ease
Lenovo and NVIDIA today announced an expansion of their partnership with new, hybrid solutions and engineering collaboration that supports their shared vision to bring the power of generative AI to every enterprise.


October 24, 2023
On Razer’s Edge: VFX Star Surfaced Studio Creates Stunning Sci-Fi World This Week ‘In The NVIDIA Studio’
Visual effects artist Surfaced Studio returns to 'In the NVIDIA Studio' to share his real-world VFX project, created on a brand new Razer Blade 16 Mercury Edition laptop powered by GeForce RTX 4080 graphics.

October 23, 2023
Street View to the Rescue: Deep Learning Paves the Way to Safer Buildings
Images such as those in Google Street View are taking on a new purpose in the hands of University of Florida Assistant Professor of Artificial Intelligence Chaofeng Wang. He’s using them, along with deep learning, in a research project to automate ...

October 20, 2023
For the World to See: Nonprofit Deploys GPU-Powered Simulators to Train Providers in Sight-Saving Surgery
GPU-powered surgical-simulation devices are helping train more than 2,000 doctors a year in lower-income countries to treat cataract blindness, the world’s leading cause of blindness, thanks to the nonprofit HelpMeSee. While cataract surgery has a ...

October 20, 2023
Eureka! NVIDIA Research Breakthrough Puts New Spin on Robot Learning
A new AI agent developed by NVIDIA Research that can teach robots complex skills has trained a robotic hand to perform rapid pen-spinning tricks — for the first time as well as a human can. The stunning prestidigitation, showcased in the video ...

October 19, 2023
Next-Level Computing: NVIDIA and AMD Deliver Powerful Workstations to Accelerate AI, Rendering and Simulation
To enable professionals worldwide to build and run AI applications right from their desktops, NVIDIA and AMD are powering a new line of workstations equipped with NVIDIA RTX Ada Generation GPUs and AMD Ryzen Threadripper PRO 7000 WX-Series CPUs. ...

October 19, 2023
NVIDIA AI Now Available in Oracle Cloud Marketplace
Training generative AI models just got easier. NVIDIA DGX Cloud AI supercomputing platform and NVIDIA AI Enterprise software are now available in Oracle Cloud Marketplace, making it possible for Oracle Cloud Infrastructure customers to access ...

October 19, 2023
Coming in Clutch: Stream ‘Counter-Strike 2’ From the Cloud for Highest Frame Rates
Rush to the cloud — stream Counter-Strike 2 on GeForce NOW for the highest frame rates. Members can play through the newest chapter of Valve’s elite, competitive, first-person shooter from the cloud. It’s all part of an action-packed GFN Thursday, ...

October 18, 2023
NVIDIA Expands Robotics Platform to Meet the Rise of Generative AI
Powerful generative AI models and cloud-native APIs and microservices are coming to the edge. Generative AI is bringing the power of transformer models and large language models to virtually every industry. That reach now includes areas that touch ...

October 25, 2023
Next-Gen Neural Networks: NVIDIA Research Announces Array of AI Advancements at NeurIPS
NVIDIA researchers are collaborating with academic centers worldwide to advance generative AI, robotics and the natural sciences — and more than a dozen of these projects will be shared at NeurIPS, one of the world’s top AI conferences. Set for Dec. ...

October 24, 2023
Lenovo and NVIDIA Announce Hybrid AI Solutions to Help Enterprises Quickly Adopt GenAI
New End-to-End Solutions Include Accelerated Systems, AI Software and Expert Services to Build and Deploy Domain-Specific AI Models with Ease
Lenovo and NVIDIA today announced an expansion of their partnership with new, hybrid solutions and engineering collaboration that supports their shared vision to bring the power of generative AI to every enterprise.


October 24, 2023
On Razer’s Edge: VFX Star Surfaced Studio Creates Stunning Sci-Fi World This Week ‘In The NVIDIA Studio’
Visual effects artist Surfaced Studio returns to 'In the NVIDIA Studio' to share his real-world VFX project, created on a brand new Razer Blade 16 Mercury Edition laptop powered by GeForce RTX 4080 graphics.

October 23, 2023
Street View to the Rescue: Deep Learning Paves the Way to Safer Buildings
Images such as those in Google Street View are taking on a new purpose in the hands of University of Florida Assistant Professor of Artificial Intelligence Chaofeng Wang. He’s using them, along with deep learning, in a research project to automate ...

October 20, 2023
For the World to See: Nonprofit Deploys GPU-Powered Simulators to Train Providers in Sight-Saving Surgery
GPU-powered surgical-simulation devices are helping train more than 2,000 doctors a year in lower-income countries to treat cataract blindness, the world’s leading cause of blindness, thanks to the nonprofit HelpMeSee. While cataract surgery has a ...

October 20, 2023
Eureka! NVIDIA Research Breakthrough Puts New Spin on Robot Learning
A new AI agent developed by NVIDIA Research that can teach robots complex skills has trained a robotic hand to perform rapid pen-spinning tricks — for the first time as well as a human can. The stunning prestidigitation, showcased in the video ...

October 19, 2023
Next-Level Computing: NVIDIA and AMD Deliver Powerful Workstations to Accelerate AI, Rendering and Simulation
To enable professionals worldwide to build and run AI applications right from their desktops, NVIDIA and AMD are powering a new line of workstations equipped with NVIDIA RTX Ada Generation GPUs and AMD Ryzen Threadripper PRO 7000 WX-Series CPUs. ...

October 19, 2023
NVIDIA AI Now Available in Oracle Cloud Marketplace
Training generative AI models just got easier. NVIDIA DGX Cloud AI supercomputing platform and NVIDIA AI Enterprise software are now available in Oracle Cloud Marketplace, making it possible for Oracle Cloud Infrastructure customers to access ...

October 19, 2023
Coming in Clutch: Stream ‘Counter-Strike 2’ From the Cloud for Highest Frame Rates
Rush to the cloud — stream Counter-Strike 2 on GeForce NOW for the highest frame rates. Members can play through the newest chapter of Valve’s elite, competitive, first-person shooter from the cloud. It’s all part of an action-packed GFN Thursday, ...

October 18, 2023
NVIDIA Expands Robotics Platform to Meet the Rise of Generative AI
Powerful generative AI models and cloud-native APIs and microservices are coming to the edge. Generative AI is bringing the power of transformer models and large language models to virtually every industry. That reach now includes areas that touch ...

November 13, 2023
NVIDIA Grace Hopper Superchip Powers JUPITER, Defining a New Class of Supercomputers to Propel AI for Scientific Discovery
NVIDIA GH200 Marks New Era in Supercomputing to Tackle Grand Challenges in Material Science, Climate Research, Drug Discovery and More
NVIDIA today announced that JUPITER — which launches a new class of supercomputers for AI-driven scientific breakthroughs — will be powered by the NVIDIA Grace Hopper™ accelerated computing architecture to deliver extreme-scale computing power for ...

November 10, 2023
Scroll Back in Time: AI Deciphers Ancient Roman Riddles
Thanks to a viral trend sweeping social media, we now know some men think about the Roman Empire every day. And thanks to Luke Farritor, a 21-year-old computer science undergrad at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, and like-minded AI enthusiasts, ...

November 09, 2023
Enter a World of Samurai and Demons: GFN Thursday Brings Capcom’s ‘Onimusha: Warlords’ to the Cloud
Wield the blade and embrace the way of the samurai for some thrilling action — Onimusha: Warlords comes to GeForce NOW this week. Members can experience feudal Japan in this hack-and-slash adventure game in the cloud. It’s part of an action-packed ...

November 08, 2023
Acing the Test: NVIDIA Turbocharges Generative AI Training in MLPerf Benchmarks
NVIDIA’s AI platform raised the bar for AI training and high performance computing in the latest MLPerf industry benchmarks. Among many new records and milestones, one in generative AI stands out: NVIDIA Eos — an AI supercomputer powered by a ...

November 08, 2023
NVIDIA Partners With APEC Economies to Change Lives, Increase Opportunity, Improve Outcomes
When patients in Vietnam enter a medical facility in distress, doctors use NVIDIA technology to get more accurate scans to diagnose their ailments. In Hong Kong, a different set of doctors leverage generative AI to discover new cures for patients. ...

November 08, 2023
Dr. Aengus Tran, Cofounder of Annalise.ai and Harrison.ai on Using AI as a Spell Check for Health Checks
Clinician-led healthcare AI company Harrison.ai has built an AI system that effectively serves as a “spell checker” for radiologists — flagging critical findings to improve the speed and accuracy of radiology image analysis, reducing misdiagnoses. ...

November 07, 2023
Amdocs and NVIDIA to Accelerate Adoption of Generative AI for $1.7 Trillion Telecom Industry
Service Providers Can Save Costs, Streamline Operations Using Customized Amdocs amAIz LLMs and Gen AI Applications Leveraging NVIDIA DGX Cloud
Amdocs and NVIDIA today announced they are collaborating to optimize large language models (LLMs) to speed adoption of generative AI applications and services across the $1.7 trillion telecommunications and media industries.


November 07, 2023
Digital Artist Steven Tung Shows Off So-fish-ticated Style This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Taiwanese artist Steven Tung creates captivating 2D and 3D digital art that explores sci-fi, minimalism and realism and pushes artistic boundaries.

November 03, 2023
'Starship for the Mind’: University of Florida Opens Malachowsky Hall, an Epicenter for AI and Data Science
Embodying the convergence of AI and academia, the University of Florida Friday inaugurated the Malachowsky Hall for Data Science

November 03, 2023
How AI-Based Cybersecurity Strengthens Business Resilience
The world’s 5 billion internet users and nearly 54 billion devices generate 3.4 petabytes of data per second, according to IDC. As digitalization accelerates, enterprise IT teams are under greater pressure to identify and block incoming cyber ...

November 15, 2023
NVIDIA Fast-Tracks Custom Generative AI Model Development for Enterprises
Today’s landscape of free, open-source large language models (LLMs) is like an all-you-can-eat buffet for enterprises. This abundance can be overwhelming for developers building custom generative AI applications, as they need to navigate unique ...

November 15, 2023
What Is Retrieval-Augmented Generation?
To understand the latest advance in generative AI, imagine a courtroom. Judges hear and decide cases based on their general understanding of the law. Sometimes a case — like a malpractice suit or a labor dispute — requires special expertise, so ...

November 15, 2023
Igniting the Future: TensorRT-LLM Release Accelerates AI Inference Performance, Adds Support for New Models Running on RTX-Powered Windows 11 PCs
Artificial intelligence on Windows 11 PCs marks a pivotal moment in tech history, revolutionizing experiences for gamers, creators, streamers, office workers, students and even casual PC users. It offers unprecedented opportunities to enhance ...

November 15, 2023
NVIDIA Introduces Generative AI Foundry Service on Microsoft Azure for Enterprises and Startups Worldwide
SAP, Amdocs, Getty Images Among First to Build Custom LLMs With NVIDIA AI Foundation Models, Train on NVIDIA DGX Cloud, Deploy With NVIDIA AI Enterprise Software
NVIDIA today introduced an AI foundry service to supercharge the development and tuning of custom generative AI applications for enterprises and startups deploying on Microsoft Azure.

November 14, 2023
Challenge Accepted: Animator Wade Neistadt Leads Robotic Revolution in Record Time This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Character animator Sir Wade Neistadt works to make animation and 3D education more accessible for aspiring and professional artists alike through video tutorials and industry training.

November 13, 2023
New Class of Accelerated, Efficient AI Systems Mark the Next Era of Supercomputing
NVIDIA today unveiled at SC23 the next wave of technologies that will lift scientific and industrial research centers worldwide to new levels of performance and energy efficiency. “NVIDIA hardware and software innovations are creating a new class of ...

November 13, 2023
Gen AI for the Genome: LLM Predicts Characteristics of COVID Variants
A widely acclaimed large language model for genomic data has demonstrated its ability to generate gene sequences that closely resemble real-world variants of SARS-CoV-2, the virus behind COVID-19. Called GenSLMs, the model, which last year won the ...

November 13, 2023
Researchers Poised for Advances With NVIDIA CUDA Quantum
Michael Kuehn and Davide Vodola are taking to new heights work that’s pioneering quantum computing for the world’s largest chemical company. The BASF researchers are demonstrating how a quantum algorithm can see what no traditional simulation can — ...

November 13, 2023
NVIDIA Grace Hopper Superchip Powers 40+ AI Supercomputers Across Global Research Centers, System Makers, Cloud Providers
Dozens of new supercomputers for scientific computing will soon hop online, powered by NVIDIA’s breakthrough GH200 Grace Hopper Superchip for giant-scale AI and high performance computing. The NVIDIA GH200 enables scientists and researchers to ...

November 13, 2023
NVIDIA Supercharges Hopper, the World’s Leading AI Computing Platform
HGX H200 Systems and Cloud Instances Coming Soon From World’s Top Server Manufacturers and Cloud Service Providers
NVIDIA today announced it has supercharged the world’s leading AI computing platform with the introduction of the NVIDIA HGX™ H200.

November 17, 2023
AI to See “Major Second Wave,” NVIDIA CEO Says in Fireside Chat With iliad Group Exec
European startups will get a massive boost from a new generation of AI infrastructure, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang said Friday in a fireside chat with iliad Group Deputy CEO Aude Durand — and it’s coming just in time. “We’re now seeing a ...

November 17, 2023
Dropbox and NVIDIA Team to Bring Personalized Generative AI to Millions of Customers
Dropbox Plans to Leverage NVIDIA’s AI Foundry to Build Custom Models and Improve AI-Powered Knowledge Work With Dropbox Dash Universal Search Tool and Dropbox AI
Dropbox, Inc. and NVIDIA announced a collaboration to supercharge knowledge work and improve productivity for millions of Dropbox customers through the power of AI.


November 17, 2023
NVIDIA and Scaleway Speed Development for European Startups and Enterprises
Europe’s startup ecosystem is getting a boost of accelerated computing for generative AI. NVIDIA and cloud service provider (CSP) Scaleway are working together to deliver access to GPUs, NVIDIA AI Enterprise software, and services for turbocharging ...

November 16, 2023
AI Training AI: GatorTronGPT at the Forefront of University of Florida’s Medical AI Innovations
How do you train an AI to understand clinical language with less clinical data? Train another AI to synthesize training data. Artificial intelligence is changing the way medicine is done, and is increasingly being used in all sorts of clinical ...

November 16, 2023
Three Ways Generative AI Can Bolster Cybersecurity
Human analysts can no longer effectively defend against the increasing speed and complexity of cybersecurity attacks. The amount of data is simply too large to screen manually. Generative AI, the most transformative tool of our time, enables a kind ...

November 16, 2023
Into the Omniverse: OpenUSD Enhancements for Autodesk Maya Make 3D Workflows a Ferret-Tale
3D artists can improve the productivity and efficiency of their generative AI-enabled content-creation workflows thanks to the latest updates to popular OpenUSD software.

November 16, 2023
More Games, More Wins: PC Game Pass Included With Six-Month GeForce NOW Memberships
The fastest way to give the gift of cloud gaming starts this GFN Thursday: For a limited time, every six-month GeForce NOW Ultimate membership includes three months of PC Game Pass. Also, the newest GeForce NOW app update is rolling out to members, ...

November 15, 2023
Ringing in the Future: NVIDIA and Amdocs Bring Custom Generative AI to Global Telco Industry
The telecommunications industry — the backbone of today’s interconnected world — is valued at a staggering $1.7 trillion globally, according to IDC. It’s a massive operation, as telcos process hundreds of petabytes of data in their networks each ...

November 15, 2023
In the Fast Lane: NVIDIA Announces Omniverse Cloud Services on Microsoft Azure to Accelerate Automotive Digitalization
Automotive companies are transforming every phase of their product lifecycle — evolving their primarily physical, manual processes into software-driven, AI-enhanced digital systems. To help them save costs and reduce lead times, NVIDIA is announcing ...

November 15, 2023
New NVIDIA H100, H200 Tensor Core GPU Instances Coming to Microsoft Azure to Accelerate AI Workloads
As NVIDIA continues to collaborate with Microsoft to build state-of-the-art AI infrastructure, Microsoft is introducing additional H100-based virtual machines to Microsoft Azure to accelerate demanding AI workloads. At its Ignite conference in ...

November 23, 2023
Hungry for Gaming: 18 New Games to Join GeForce NOW
GeForce NOW is bringing 18 new games to the cloud this week, part of a gratitude-filled GFN Thursday. A collaboration between Chromebook Plus, CD PROJEKT RED and GeForce NOW brought an immersive 3D activation to Times Square over the weekend, ...

November 22, 2023
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
SANTA CLARA, Calif., Nov. 22, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community: UBS Global Technology ConferenceTuesday, Nov. 28, 11:35 a.m. ...

November 22, 2023
Teenage Dream: Aspiring Computer Science Major Experiences NVIDIA Life With Make-A-Wish Visit
A calendar packed with meetings, calls and lab visits may sound like a typical workday for many — but for high schooler Luca Lofranco, whose greatest wish was to experience what it’s like to work at NVIDIA, it was a dream come true. ...

November 22, 2023
AI-Powered Tech Company Helps Grocers Start Afresh in Supply Chain Management
Talk about going after low-hanging fruit. Afresh is an AI startup that helps grocery stores and retailers reduce food waste by making supply chains more efficient. In the latest episode of NVIDIA’s AI Podcast, host Noah Kravitz spoke with the ...

November 21, 2023
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Third Quarter Fiscal 2024
NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) today reported revenue for the third quarter ended October 29, 2023, of $18.12 billion, up 206% from a year ago and up 34% from the previous quarter.

November 21, 2023
NVIDIA Collaborates With Genentech to Accelerate Drug Discovery Using Generative AI
Genentech, a member of the Roche Group, is pioneering the use of generative AI to discover and develop new therapeutics and deliver treatments to patients more efficiently. A new collaboration between Genentech, the biotechnology pioneer, and NVIDIA ...

November 21, 2023
3D Artist Cooks Up Stunningly Photorealistic Food Renders This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
It’s the season of gratitude: that time of year to give thanks for the people and small moments that make life so special.

November 20, 2023

What Is a SuperNIC?
Generative AI is the latest turn in the fast-changing digital landscape. One of the groundbreaking innovations making it possible is a relatively new term: SuperNIC. What Is a SuperNIC? SuperNIC is a new class of network accelerators designed to ...

November 20, 2023
NVIDIA’s New Ethernet Networking Platform for AI Available Soon From Dell Technologies, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Lenovo
End-to-End Platform Features Latest NVIDIA Spectrum-X Networking, Provides Foundation for Customers to Transform Business With AI
NVIDIA today announced that Dell Technologies, Hewlett Packard Enterprise and Lenovo will be the first to integrate NVIDIA Spectrum-X™ Ethernet networking technologies for AI into their server lineups to help enterprise customers speed up generative ...

November 17, 2023
From Guangzhou to Los Angeles, Automakers Dazzle With AI-Powered Vehicles
Good news for car lovers: Two acclaimed auto shows, taking place now through next week, are delighting attendees with displays of next-generation automotive designs powered by AI. Hundreds of thousands of auto enthusiasts worldwide are expected to ...

December 04, 2023
Why GPUs Are Great for AI
GPUs have been called the rare Earth metals — even the gold — of artificial intelligence, because they’re foundational for today’s generative AI era. Three technical reasons, and many stories, explain why that’s so. Each reason has multiple facets ...

November 30, 2023
‘Call of Duty’ Comes to GeForce NOW
Let the games begin — this GFN Thursday brings the highly anticipated Call of Duty: Modern Warfare III to the cloud, the first Activision title on GeForce NOW as part of the NVIDIA and Microsoft partnership. It’s joined by Call of Duty: Modern ...

November 28, 2023
Embracing Transformation: AWS and NVIDIA Forge Ahead in Generative AI and Cloud Innovation
Amazon Web Services and NVIDIA will bring the latest generative AI technologies to enterprises worldwide. Combining AI and cloud computing, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang joined AWS CEO Adam Selipsky Tuesday on stage at AWS re:Invent 2023 at ...

November 28, 2023
NVIDIA BioNeMo Enables Generative AI for Drug Discovery on AWS
Researchers and developers at leading pharmaceutical and techbio companies can now easily deploy NVIDIA Clara software and services for accelerated healthcare through Amazon Web Services. Announced today at AWS re:Invent, the initiative gives ...

November 28, 2023
NVIDIA GPUs on AWS to Offer 2x Simulation Leap in Omniverse Isaac Sim, Accelerating Smarter Robots
Developing more intelligent robots in the cloud is about to get a speed multiplier. NVIDIA Isaac Sim and NVIDIA L40S GPUs are coming to Amazon Web Services, enabling developers to build and deploy accelerated robotics applications in the cloud. ...

November 28, 2023
NVIDIA Powers Training for Some of the Largest Amazon Titan Foundation Models
Everything about large language models is big — giant models train on massive datasets across thousands of NVIDIA GPUs. That can pose a lot of big challenges for companies pursuing generative AI. NVIDIA NeMo, a framework for building, customizing ...

November 28, 2023
NVIDIA Brings Business Intelligence to Chatbots, Copilots and Summarization Tools With Enterprise-Grade Generative AI Microservice
Cadence, Dropbox, SAP, ServiceNow First to Access NVIDIA NeMo Retriever to Optimize Semantic Retrieval for Accurate AI Inference
AWS re:Invent—NVIDIA today announced a generative AI microservice that lets enterprises connect custom large language models to enterprise data to deliver highly accurate responses for their AI applications.

November 28, 2023
AWS and NVIDIA Announce Strategic Collaboration to Offer New Supercomputing Infrastructure, Software and Services for Generative AI
At AWS re:Invent, Amazon Web Services, Inc., an Amazon.com, Inc. company, and NVIDIA today announced an expansion of their strategic collaboration to deliver the most-advanced infrastructure, software and services to power customers’ generative ...


November 28, 2023
3D Artist Nourhan Ismail Brings Isometric Innovation ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’ With Adobe After Effects and Blender
This week’s talented In the NVIDIA Studio artist, Nourhan Ismail, created a literal NVIDIA studio.

November 26, 2023
Medical Imaging AI Made Easier: NVIDIA Offers MONAI as Hosted Cloud Service
NVIDIA today launched a cloud service for medical imaging AI to further streamline and accelerate the creation of ground-truth data and training of specialized AI models through fully managed, cloud-based application programming interfaces. NVIDIA ...

December 12, 2023
Meet NANA, Moonshine Studio’s AI-Powered Receptionist Avatar
The creative team at Moonshine Studio — an artist-focused visual effects (VFX) studio specializing in animation and motion design — was tasked to solve a problem.

December 11, 2023
How NVIDIA Fuels the AI Revolution With Investments in Game Changers and Market Makers
Great companies thrive on stories. Sid Siddeek, who runs NVIDIA’s venture capital arm, knows this well. Siddeek still remembers one of his first jobs, schlepping presentation materials from one investor meeting to another, helping the startup’s CEO ...

December 07, 2023
500 Games and Apps Now Powered by RTX: A DLSS and Ray-Tracing Milestone
We’re celebrating a milestone this week with 500 RTX games and applications utilizing NVIDIA DLSS, ray tracing or AI technologies. It’s an achievement anchored by NVIDIA’s revolutionary RTX technology, which has transformed gaming graphics and ...

December 07, 2023
Meet the Omnivore: SiBORG Lab Elevates Approach to Accessibility Using OpenUSD and NVIDIA Omniverse
Accessibility is a key element that all designers must consider before constructing a space or product — but the evaluation process has traditionally been tedious and time-consuming. Mathew Schwartz, an assistant professor in architecture and design ...

December 07, 2023
Good Fortunes: ‘The Day Before’ Leads 17 Games on GeForce NOW
It’s a fortuitous GFN Thursday with 17 new games joining the GeForce NOW library, including The Day Before, Avatar: Frontiers of Pandora and the 100th PC Game Pass title to join the cloud — Ori and the Will of the Wisps. This week also marks a ...

December 06, 2023
Visual AI Takes Flight at Canada’s Largest, Busiest Airport
Toronto Pearson International Airport, in Ontario, Canada, is the country’s largest and busiest airport, serving some 50 million passengers each year. To enhance traveler experiences, the airport in June deployed the Zensors AI platform, which uses ...

December 06, 2023
17 Predictions for 2024: From RAG to Riches to Beatlemania and National Treasures
Move over, Merriam-Webster: Enterprises this year found plenty of candidates to add for word of the year. “Generative AI” and “generative pretrained transformer” were followed by terms such as “large language models” and “retrieval-augmented ...

December 06, 2023
AV 2.0, the Next Big Wayve in Self-Driving Cars
A new era of autonomous vehicle technology, known as AV 2.0, has emerged, marked by large, unified AI models that can control multiple parts of the vehicle stack, from perception and planning to control. Wayve, a London-based autonomous driving ...

December 05, 2023
‘Christmas Rush’ 3D Scene Brings Holiday Cheer This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
‘Tis the season for friends, family and beautifully rendered Santa animations from this week’s In the NVIDIA Studio artist, 3D expert Božo Balov.

December 04, 2023
Bringing Personality to Pixels, Inworld Levels Up Game Characters Using Generative AI
To enhance the gaming experience, studios and developers spend tremendous effort creating photorealistic, immersive in-game environments. But non-playable characters (NPCs) often get left behind. Many behave in ways that lack depth and realism, ...

December 21, 2023
11 Ways AI Made the World Better in 2023
AI made a splash this year — from Wall Street to the U.S. Congress — driven by a wave of developers aiming to make the world better. Here’s a look at AI in 2023 across agriculture, natural disasters, medicine and other areas worthy of a cocktail ...

December 21, 2023
Explore a Whole New ‘Monster Hunter: World’ on GeForce NOW
Time to gear up, hunters — Capcom’s Monster Hunter: World joins the GeForce NOW library, bringing members the ultimate hunting experience on any device. It’s all part of an adventurous week, with nearly a dozen new games joining the cloud gaming ...

December 20, 2023
Cool Robots of 2023: Meet the Autonomous Movers and Shakers
Outside the glare of the klieg lights that ChatGPT commanded this year, a troupe of autonomous machines nudged the frontiers of robotics forward. Here are six that showed special prowess — swimming, diving, gripping, seeing, strolling and flying ...

December 20, 2023
Thomson Reuters Taps Generative AI to Power Legal Offerings
Thomson Reuters, the global content and technology company, is transforming the legal industry with generative AI. In the latest episode of NVIDIA’s AI Podcast, host Noah Kravitz spoke with Thomson Reuters Chief Product Officer David Wong about its ...

December 20, 2023
Into the Omniverse: Foundry Nuke’s OpenUSD Enhancements Ring in a 3D Renaissance
The latest OpenUSD updates enable users to tackle larger, more complex scenes with enhanced geometry control and streamlined asset management.

December 19, 2023
NVIDIA to Reveal New AI Innovations at CES 2024
In the lead-up to next month’s CES trade show in Las Vegas, NVIDIA will unveil its latest advancements in artificial intelligence — including generative AI — and a spectrum of other cutting-edge technologies. Scheduled for Monday, Jan. 8, at 8 a.m. ...

December 19, 2023
DLSS 3.5 Integration in D5 Render Marks New Era of Real-Time Rendering
NVIDIA DLSS 3.5 for realistic ray-traced visuals is now available on D5 Render, a real-time 3D creation software.

December 14, 2023
‘Forza Horizon’ Races Over to GeForce NOW
This GFN Thursday is burning rubber with the latest Forza Horizon games from Microsoft Studios. Check them out on PC Game Pass. Plus, give the gift of cloud gaming with the latest membership bundle, which includes a free, three-month PC Game Pass ...

December 13, 2023
How Is AI Used in Fraud Detection?
The Wild West had gunslingers, bank robberies and bounties — today’s digital frontier has identity theft, credit card fraud and chargebacks. Cashing in on financial fraud has become a multibillion-dollar criminal enterprise. And generative AI in the ...

December 13, 2023
Pie From the Sky: Drone Startup Delivers Pizza, Meds and Side of Excitement
Zipline isn’t just some pie-in-the-sky drone startup. The San Francisco-based company has completed more than 800,000 deliveries in seven countries since its start in 2011. It recently added services for Seattle’s Pagliacci Pizza, vitamin and ...

January 08, 2024
NVIDIA Brings Generative AI to Millions, With Tensor Core GPUs, LLMs, Tools for RTX PCs and Workstations
Leading AI Platform Gets RTX-Accelerated Boost From New GeForce RTX SUPER GPUs, AI Laptops From Every Top Manufacturer
NVIDIA today announced GeForce RTX™ SUPER desktop GPUs for supercharged generative AI performance, new AI laptops from every top manufacturer, and new NVIDIA RTX™-accelerated AI software and tools for both developers and consumers.

January 04, 2024
A New Year of Gaming: GeForce NOW Adds More Than 20 New Titles in January
Celebrate the new year with more cloud gaming. Experience the power and performance of the cloud with more than 20 new games to be added to GeForce NOW in January. Start with five games available this week, including The Finals from Embark Studios. ...

January 02, 2024
By Jove, It’s No Myth: NVIDIA Triton Speeds Inference on Oracle Cloud
An avid cyclist, Thomas Park knows the value of having lots of gears to maintain a smooth, fast ride. So, when the software architect designed an AI inference platform to serve predictions for Oracle Cloud Infrastructure’s (OCI) Vision AI service, ...

January 02, 2024
Ring in the New Year With 3D Artist Blendeered’s Futuristic, NVIDIA-Themed City
A new year means new creative opportunities and new In the NVIDIA Studio beats.

December 28, 2023
Creature Feature: Safari Across 5 Animal-Focused AI Initiatives of 2023
Whether abundant, endangered or extinct, animal species are the focus of countless AI-powered conservation projects. These initiatives — accelerated using NVIDIA GPUs, deep learning software and robotics technology — are alerting conservationists to ...

December 28, 2023
That’s a Wrap: GeForce NOW Celebrates Another Year of High-Performance Cloud Gaming
Before ringing in the new year, GeForce NOW is taking a look back at a 2023 full of top-notch gaming. Explore GeForce NOW’s year in review, which brought more hit games, improved service features and the launch of the Ultimate membership tier. Plus, ...

December 27, 2023
Tune In to the Top 5 NVIDIA Videos of 2023
2023 was marked by the generative AI boom, representing a new era for how artificial intelligence can be used across industries. The year’s top videos from the NVIDIA YouTube channel reflect this focus, with popular videos highlighting the ...

December 26, 2023
5 Ways AI Created Smarter Spaces in 2023
With all the talk of how generative AI is going to change the world, it’s worth looking back on how AI’s already enabled leaps and bounds. NVIDIA helped automate airport operations, vehicle manufacturing, industrial inspections and more with AI to ...

December 26, 2023
Ear-resistible: 5 AI Podcast Episodes That Perked Up Listeners in 2023
NVIDIA’s AI Podcast had its best year yet — with a record-breaking 1.2 million plays in 2023 and each biweekly episode now drawing more than 30,000 listens. Among tech’s top podcasts, the AI Podcast has racked up more than 200 episodes and nearly 5 ...

December 26, 2023
NVIDIA Holiday Card Glows Gold and Green on Cold Winter’s Eve
NVIDIA’s holiday card — enchanting viewers from the perspective of snuggled-up family members on a couch — warmly depicts a crackling fireplace and an NVIDIA robo-dog by the hearth, all framed by a string of sparkling lights.

January 08, 2024
NVIDIA Drives AI Forward With Automotive Innovation on Display at CES
Amid explosive interest in generative AI, the auto industry is racing to embrace the power of AI across a range of critical activities, from vehicle design, engineering and manufacturing, to marketing and sales. The adoption of generative AI — along ...

January 08, 2024
The Creative AI: NVIDIA Studio Unveils New RTX- and AI-Accelerated Tools and Systems for Creators
NVIDIA Studio is debuting at CES powerful new software and hardware upgrades to elevate content creation.

January 08, 2024
Twitch, OBS and NVIDIA to Release Multi-Encode Livestreaming
Twitch, OBS and NVIDIA are leveling up livestreaming technology with the new Twitch Enhanced Broadcasting beta, powered by GeForce RTX GPUs. Available in a few days, streamers will be able to stream multiple encodes concurrently, providing optimal ...

January 08, 2024
Picture This: Getty Images Releases Generative AI By iStock Powered by NVIDIA Picasso
Getty Images, a global visual content creator and marketplace, today at CES released Generative AI by iStock, an affordable and commercially safe image generation service trained on the company’s creative library of licensed, proprietary data. Built ...

January 08, 2024
NVIDIA Omniverse Adopted by Global Automotive-Configurator Developer Ecosystem
Whether building a super-capable truck or conjuring up a dream sports car, spending hours playing with online car configurators is easy. With auto industry insiders predicting that most new vehicle purchases will move online by 2030, these ...

January 08, 2024
Three’s a Cloud: New Activision and Blizzard Games, Day Passes, G-SYNC Technology Coming to GeForce NOW
NVIDIA is bringing more games, membership options and innovative tech to its GeForce NOW cloud gaming service. The next Activision and Blizzard titles to join the cloud, Diablo IV and Overwatch 2, will be coming soon. They’ll be joined by a host of ...

January 08, 2024
Wave of EV Makers Choose NVIDIA DRIVE for Automated Driving
Li Auto Selects DRIVE Thor for Next-Gen EVs; GWM, ZEEKR and Xiaomi Develop AI-Driven Cars Powered by NVIDIA DRIVE Orin
NVIDIA today announced that Li Auto, a pioneer in extended-range electric vehicles (EVs), has selected the NVIDIA DRIVE Thor™ centralized car computer to power its next-generation fleets.

January 08, 2024
Following the Prompts: Generative AI Powers Smarter Robots With NVIDIA Isaac Platform
Generative AI is reshaping trillion-dollar industries, and NVIDIA, a front-runner in smart robotics, is seizing the moment. Speaking today as part of a special address ahead of CES, NVIDIA Vice President of Robotics and Edge Computing Deepu Talla ...

January 08, 2024
GeForce RTX 40 SUPER Series: New Heroes Debut in the Gaming and Creating Universe With AI as Their Superpower
Gaming GPUs Amplified With More Performance and Generative AI Capabilities, Starting at $599
NVIDIA today announced the GeForce RTX™ 40 SUPER Series family of GPUs — including the GeForce RTX 4080 SUPER, GeForce RTX 4070 Ti SUPER and GeForce RTX 4070 SUPER — which supercharge the latest games and form the core of AI-powered PCs.

January 08, 2024
NVIDIA and Developers Pioneer Lifelike Digital Characters for Games and Applications With NVIDIA Avatar Cloud Engine
NVIDIA ACE Microservices Debut With Generative AI Models That Will Change How People Interact With Digital Avatars
NVIDIA today introduced production microservices for the NVIDIA Avatar Cloud Engine (ACE) that allow developers of games, tools and middleware to integrate state-of-the-art generative AI models into the digital avatars in their games and ...

January 12, 2024
NVIDIA CEO: ‘This Year, Every Industry Will Become a Technology Industry’
“This year, every industry will become a technology industry,” NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang told attendees Wednesday during the annual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference. “You can now recognize and learn the language of almost anything with ...

January 11, 2024
AI Takes Center Stage: Survey Reveals Financial Industry’s Top Trends for 2024
The financial services industry is undergoing a significant transformation with the adoption of AI technologies. NVIDIA’s fourth annual State of AI in Financial Services Report provides insights into the current landscape and emerging trends for ...

January 11, 2024
To the Cloud and Beyond: New Activision and Blizzard Games, Day Passes and G-SYNC Technology Coming to GeForce NOW
GFN Thursday recaps the latest cloud announcements from CES 2024 — Day Pass memberships, Cloud G-SYNC technology, expanded NVIDIA Reflex support and more. The new year brings new adventures to the cloud for members, including Diablo IV and Overwatch ...

January 10, 2024
NVIDIA Remains Among Very Best Places to Work in US, Rising to No. 2 on Glassdoor’s Annual List
NVIDIA continues to be among America’s very best places to work as judged by employees themselves, rising to second place on Glassdoor’s list of best employers for 2024. This is the fourth consecutive year NVIDIA has been among the top five on the ...

January 09, 2024
How Generative AI Is Redefining the Retail Industry
Ninety-eight percent of retailers plan to invest in generative AI in the next 18 months, according to a new survey conducted by NVIDIA. That makes retail one of the industries racing fastest to adopt generative AI to ramp up productivity, transform ...

January 09, 2024
Putting the AI in Retail: Survey Reveals Latest Trends Driving Technological Advancements in the Industry
The retail industry is in the midst of a major technology transformation, fueled by the rise in AI. With the highest potential for AI and analytics among all industries, the retail and consumer packaged goods (CPG) sectors are poised to harness the ...

January 09, 2024
NVIDIA and Loss Prevention Retail Council Introduce AI Solution to Address Organized Retail Crime
NVIDIA and the Loss Prevention Research Council (LPRC) are collaborating with several AI companies to showcase a real-time solution for combating and preventing organized retail crime (ORC). The integrated offering provides advance notifications of ...

January 08, 2024
Amgen to Build Generative AI Models for Novel Human Data Insights and Drug Discovery
Generative AI is transforming drug research and development, enabling new discoveries faster than ever — and Amgen, one of the world’s leading biotechnology companies, is tapping the technology to power its research. Amgen will build AI models ...

January 08, 2024
NVIDIA Generative AI Is Opening the Next Era of Drug Discovery and Design
In perhaps the healthcare industry’s most dramatic transformation since the advent of computing, digital biology and generative AI are helping to reinvent drug discovery, surgery, medical imaging and wearable devices. NVIDIA has been preparing for ...

January 08, 2024
NVIDIA Reveals Gaming, Creating, Generative AI, Robotics Innovations at CES
The AI revolution returned to where it started this week, putting powerful new tools into the hands of gamers and content creators. Generative AI models that will bring lifelike characters to games and applications and new GPUs for gamers and ...

January 25, 2024
Sharper Image: GeForce NOW Update Delivers Stunning Visuals to Android Devices
This GFN Thursday levels up PC gaming on mobile with higher-resolution support on Android devices. This week also brings 10 new games to the GeForce NOW library, including Enshrouded. Pixel Perfect GeForce NOW transforms nearly any device into a ...

January 24, 2024
US National Science Foundation Launches National AI Research Resource Pilot
In a major stride toward building a shared national research infrastructure, the U.S. National Science Foundation has launched the National Artificial Intelligence Research Resource pilot with significant support from NVIDIA. The initiative aims to ...

January 24, 2024
High Can See Clearly Now: AI-Powered NVIDIA RTX Video HDR Transforms Standard Video Into Stunning High Dynamic Range
RTX Video HDR — first announced at CES — is now available for download through the January Studio Driver.

January 23, 2024
NVIDIA DRIVE Partners Showcase Cutting-Edge Innovations in Automated and Autonomous Driving
The automotive industry is being transformed by the integration of cutting-edge technologies into software-defined cars. At CES, NVIDIA invited industry leaders to share their perspectives on how technology, especially AI and computing power, is ...

January 23, 2024
How Amazon and NVIDIA Help Sellers Create Better Product Listings With AI
It’s hard to imagine an industry more competitive — or fast-paced — than online retail. Sellers need to create attractive and informative product listings that must be engaging, capture attention and generate trust. Amazon uses optimized containers ...

January 18, 2024
Buried Treasure: Startup Mines Clean Energy’s Prospects With Digital Twins
Mark Swinnerton aims to fight climate change by transforming abandoned mines into storage tanks of renewable energy. The CEO of startup Green Gravity is prototyping his ambitious vision in a warehouse 60 miles south of Sydney, Australia, and ...

January 18, 2024
Dino-Mite: Capcom’s ‘Exoprimal’ Joins GeForce NOW
Hold on to your seats — this GFN Thursday is unleashing dinosaurs, crowns and more in the cloud. Catch it all on Capcom’s Exoprimal and Ubisoft’s Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown, leading 10 new games joining the GeForce NOW library this week. Suit ...

January 17, 2024
From Embers to Algorithms: How DigitalPath’s AI is Revolutionizing Wildfire Detection
The AI Podcast · DigitalPath’s Ethan Higgins On Using AI to Fight Wildfires – Ep. 211 DigitalPath is igniting change in the Golden State — using computer vision, generative adversarial networks and a network of thousands of cameras to detect signs ...

January 16, 2024
Māori Speech AI Model Helps Preserve and Promote New Zealand Indigenous Language
Indigenous languages are under threat. Some 3,000 — three-quarters of the total — could disappear before the end of the century, or one every two weeks, according to UNESCO. As part of a movement to protect such languages, New Zealand’s Te Hiku ...

January 16, 2024
Starstruck: 3D Artist Brellias Brings Curiosity to Light This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Curiosity leads the way for this week’s featured In the NVIDIA Studio 3D artist, Brellias.

February 06, 2024
Twitch Streamer Mr_Vudoo Supercharges Gaming, Entertaining and Video Editing With RTX This Week ‘In the NVIDIA Studio’
Mr_Vudoo is a digital renaissance man — a livestreamer, video editor, gamer and entertainer skilled in producing an array of content for his audience.

February 06, 2024
Cisco and NVIDIA to Help Enterprises Quickly and Easily Deploy and Manage Secure AI Infrastructure
Cisco and NVIDIA today announced plans to deliver AI infrastructure solutions for the data center that are easy to deploy and manage, enabling the massive computing power that enterprises need to succeed in the AI era.

February 05, 2024
Canada Partners With NVIDIA to Supercharge Computing Power
AI is reshaping industries, society and the “very fabric of innovation” — and Canada is poised to play a key role in this global transformation, said NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang during a fireside chat with leaders from across Canada’s ...

February 05, 2024
New Study Cites AI as Strategic Tool to Combat Climate Change
A new study underscores the potential of AI and accelerated computing to deliver energy efficiency and combat climate change, efforts in which NVIDIA has long been deeply engaged. The study, called “Rethinking Concerns About AI’s Energy Use,” ...

February 01, 2024
GeForce NOW Leaps Into Its Fourth Year With 27 New Games and More Celebrations All Month Long
GeForce NOW is celebrating its fourth anniversary all month — plus an extra day for leap year — during February’s GFN Thursdays, with 2 new games joining the cloud. Keep an eye out for more new games and other announcements for members to come. ...

January 31, 2024
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for Fourth-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of Call
NVIDIA will host a conference call on Wednesday, February 21, at 2 p.m. PT (5 p.m. ET) to discuss its financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024, which ended January 28, 2024.

January 31, 2024
Cardiac Clarity: Dr. Keith Channon Talks Revolutionizing Heart Health With AI
Here’s some news to still beating hearts: AI is helping bring some clarity to cardiology. Caristo Diagnostics has developed an AI-powered solution for detecting coronary inflammation in cardiac CT scans. In this episode of NVIDIA’s AI Podcast, Dr. ...

January 30, 2024
Singtel, NVIDIA to Bring Sovereign AI to Southeast Asia
Asia’s lion city is roaring ahead in AI. Singtel, a leading communications services provider based in Singapore, will bring the NVIDIA AI platform to businesses in the island nation and beyond. The mobile and broadband company is building ...

January 30, 2024
Behold the ‘Magic Valley’: Brandon Tieh’s Stunning Scene Showcases Peak Creativity, Powered by RTX and AI
This week’s featured In the NVIDIA Studio 3D artist Brandon Tieh puts his artistic talents on full display with his whimsical scene “Magic Valley.”

January 29, 2024
Boston Children’s Researchers, in Joint Effort, Deploy AI Across Their Hip Clinic to Support Patients, Doctors
Hip disorders, comprising some of the world’s most common joint diseases, are especially prevalent among adolescents and young adults, causing stiffness, pain or a limp. But they can be hard to diagnose using solely 2D medical imaging. Helping to ...

February 15, 2024
The Easiest Upgrade: Play at Ultimate Quality With GeForce NOW
GFN Thursday keeps its fourth anniversary celebrations rolling by bringing Ubisoft’s Skull and Bones and Microsoft’s Halo Infinite to the cloud this week. They’re part of five newly supported games, and thanks to the power of the cloud, members can ...

February 14, 2024
Digitalization: A Game Changer for the Auto Industry
The fusion of the physical and digital worlds is reshaping the automotive industry. NVIDIA’s automotive partners are using digitalization to transform every phase of the product lifecycle — evolving primarily physical, manual processes into ...

February 14, 2024
Speak Like a Native: NVIDIA Parlays Win in Voice Challenge
Thanks to their work driving AI forward, Akshit Arora and Rafael Valle could someday speak to their spouses’ families in their native languages. Arora and Valle — along with colleagues Sungwon Kim and Rohan Badlani — won the LIMMITS ’24 challenge ...

February 14, 2024
How the Ohio Supercomputer Center Drives the Future of Computing
NASCAR races are all about speed, but even the fastest cars need to factor in safety, especially as rules and tracks change. The Ohio Supercomputer Center is ready to help. In this episode of NVIDIA’s AI Podcast, host Noah Kravitz speaks with Alan ...

February 13, 2024
Say What? Chat With RTX Brings Custom Chatbot to NVIDIA RTX AI PCs
Chatbots are used by millions of people around the world every day, powered by NVIDIA GPU-based cloud servers. Now, these groundbreaking tools are coming to Windows PCs powered by NVIDIA RTX for local, fast, custom generative AI. Chat with RTX, now ...

February 12, 2024
NVIDIA CEO: Every Country Needs Sovereign AI
Every country needs to own the production of their own intelligence, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang told attendees Monday at the World Governments Summit in Dubai. Huang, who spoke as part of a fireside chat with the UAE’s Minister of AI, His ...

February 12, 2024
NVIDIA RTX 2000 Ada Generation GPU Brings Performance, Versatility for Next Era of AI-Accelerated Design and Visualization
Generative AI is driving change across industries — and to take advantage of its benefits, businesses must select the right hardware to power their workflows. The new NVIDIA RTX 2000 Ada Generation GPU delivers the latest AI, graphics and compute ...

February 08, 2024
National Institute of Standards and Technology Launches Artificial Intelligence Safety Institute Consortium
NVIDIA has joined the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s new U.S. Artificial Intelligence Safety Institute Consortium as part of the company’s effort to advance safe, secure and trustworthy AI. AISIC will work to create tools, ...

February 08, 2024
Devices for Days: With GeForce NOW, Every Device Is a Dream Gaming PC
The GeForce NOW anniversary celebrations continue with more games and a member-exclusive discount on the Logitech G Cloud. Among the six new titles coming to the cloud this week is The Inquisitor from Kalypso Media, which spotlights the GeForce NOW ...

February 07, 2024
Beyond ‘Data-Driven’: How Energy-Efficient Computing for AI Is Propelling Innovation and Savings Across Industries
With advances in computing, sophisticated AI models and machine learning are having a profound impact on business and society. Industries can use AI to quickly analyze vast bodies of data, allowing them to derive meaningful insights, make ...

February 22, 2024
Time to Play: GeForce NOW Now Offers 1,800 Games to Stream
Top-tier games from publishing partners Bandai Namco Entertainment and Inflexion Games are joining GeForce NOW this week as the cloud streaming service’s fourth-anniversary celebrations continue. Eleven new titles join the over 1,800 supported games ...

February 22, 2024
FOMO Alert: Discover 7 Unmissable Reasons to Attend GTC 2024
“I just got back from GTC and ….” In four weeks, those will be among the most powerful words in your industry. But you won’t be able to use them if you haven’t been here. NVIDIA’s GTC 2024 transforms the San Jose Convention Center into a crucible of ...

February 21, 2024
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2024
NVIDIA today reported revenue for the fourth quarter ended January 28, 2024, of $22.1 billion, up 22% from the previous quarter and up 265% from a year ago.

February 21, 2024
Shining Brighter Together: Google’s Gemma Optimized to Run on NVIDIA GPUs
NVIDIA, in collaboration with Google, today launched optimizations across all NVIDIA AI platforms for Gemma — Google’s state-of-the-art new lightweight 2 billion– and 7 billion-parameter open language models that can be run anywhere, reducing costs ...

February 20, 2024
See the Future at GTC 2024: NVIDIA’s Jensen Huang to Unveil Latest Breakthroughs in Accelerated Computing, Generative AI and Robotics
AI Leaders and Top Companies From Healthcare, Transportation, Financial Services, Telecom and Agriculture to Participate in First In-Person GTC in Five Years
NVIDIA today announced it will host its flagship GTC 2024 conference at the San Jose Convention Center from March 18-21. More than 300,000 people are expected to register to attend in person or virtually.

February 18, 2024
NVIDIA Accelerates Quantum Computing Exploration at Australia’s Pawsey Supercomputing Centre
Scientists to Run State-of-the-Art Quantum Computing Simulations Using NVIDIA CUDA Quantum Platform, Turbocharged by NVIDIA Grace Hopper Superchips
NVIDIA today announced that Australia’s Pawsey Supercomputing Research Centre will add the NVIDIA® CUDA Quantum platform accelerated by NVIDIA Grace Hopper™ Superchips to its National Supercomputing and Quantum Computing Innovation Hub, furthering ...

February 16, 2024
AI’s Hottest Ticket: NVIDIA GTC Brings Together Automotive Leaders and Visionaries Transforming the Future of Transportation
Generative AI and software-defined computing are transforming the automotive landscape — making the journey behind the wheel safer, smarter and more enjoyable. Dozens of automakers and NVIDIA DRIVE ecosystem partners will be demonstrating their ...

February 15, 2024
Telco GPT: Survey Shows Scale of Industry’s Enthusiasm and Adoption of Generative AI
It’s been five years since the telecommunications industry first deployed 5G networks to drive new performance levels for customers and unlock new value for telcos. But that industry milestone has been overshadowed by the emergence of generative AI ...

February 15, 2024
Artistry With Adobe: Creator Esteban Toro Delivers Inspirational Master Class Powered by AI and RTX
Adobe is putting generative AI into the hands of creators with Adobe Firefly — powered by NVIDIA in the cloud — and adding to its impressive app lineup with exciting new features.

February 15, 2024
NVIDIA Eos Revealed: Peek Into Operations of a Top 10 Supercomputer
Providing a peek at the architecture powering advanced AI factories, NVIDIA Thursday released a video that offers the first public look at Eos, its latest data-center-scale supercomputer. An extremely large-scale NVIDIA DGX SuperPOD, Eos is where ...

February 28, 2024
And … Action! Cuebric CEO Provides Insights Into Filmmaking Using AI
These days, just about everyone is a content creator. But can generative AI help make people create high-quality films and other content affordably? Find out from Pinar Seyhan Demirdag, cofounder and CEO of Cuebric, during his conversation with ...

February 28, 2024
Time to Skill Up: Game Reviewer Ralph Panebianco Wields NVIDIA RTX for the Win
YouTube content creator Ralph Panebianco really, really loves video games.

February 28, 2024
ServiceNow, Hugging Face, and NVIDIA Release New Open-Access LLMs to Help Developers Tap Generative AI for Building Enterprise Applications
StarCoder2 — Created With the BigCode Community and Trained on 600+ Programming Languages — Advances Code Generation, Transparency, Governance, and Innovation
ServiceNow (NYSE: NOW), Hugging Face, and NVIDIA today announced the release of StarCoder2, a family of open-access large language models for code generation that sets new standards for performance, transparency, and cost-effectiveness.

February 27, 2024
Meet the Omnivore: Mode Maison Harnesses OpenUSD to Drive Innovations in Retail With High-Fidelity Digital Twins
Editor’s note: This post is a part of our Meet the Omnivore series, which features individual creators and developers who use OpenUSD to build tools, applications and services for 3D workflows and physically accurate virtual worlds. A failed ...

February 27, 2024
Rack ‘n’ Roll: NVIDIA Grace Hopper Systems Gather at GTC
The spirit of software pioneer Grace Hopper will live on at NVIDIA GTC. Accelerated systems using powerful processors — named in honor of the pioneer of software programming — will be on display at the global AI conference running March 18-21, ready ...

February 26, 2024
NVIDIA RTX 500 and 1000 Professional Ada Generation Laptop GPUs Drive AI-Enhanced Workflows From Anywhere
With generative AI and hybrid work environments becoming the new standard, nearly every professional, whether a content creator, researcher or engineer, needs a powerful, AI-accelerated laptop to help users tackle their industry’s toughest ...

February 25, 2024
ServiceNow and NVIDIA Expand Partnership With Introduction of Telco-Specific GenAI Solutions to Elevate Service Experiences
Built on the Now Platform, Now Assist for Telecommunications Service Management Leverages NVIDIA AI to Boost Agency Productivity, Speed Time to Resolution, and Enhance Time to Value
Mobile World Congress – ServiceNow, the leading digital workflow company making the world work better for everyone, and NVIDIA today announced that they are broadening their partnership with the introduction of telco-specific generative AI solutions ...


February 22, 2024
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community
SANTA CLARA, Calif., Feb. 22, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA will present at the following events for the financial community: Morgan Stanley Technology, Media and Telecom Conference ...

February 22, 2024
Add It to the Toolkit: February Studio Driver and NVIDIA App Beta Now Available
The February NVIDIA Studio Driver, designed specifically to optimize creative apps, is now available for download.

February 22, 2024
Into the Omniverse: Rhino 3D Launches OpenUSD Features to Enhance 3D Modeling and Development
Editor’s note: This post is part of Into the Omniverse, a series focused on how artists, developers and enterprises can transform their workflows using the latest advances in OpenUSD and NVIDIA Omniverse. The combination of powerful 3D tools and ...

March 06, 2024
Bria Builds Responsible Generative AI for Enterprises Using NVIDIA NeMo, Picasso
As visual generative AI matures from research to the enterprise domain, businesses are seeking responsible ways to integrate the technology into their products. Bria, a startup based in Tel Aviv, is responding with an open platform for visual ...

March 06, 2024
AI Decoded: Demystifying AI and the Hardware, Software and Tools That Power It
With the 2018 launch of RTX technologies and the first consumer GPU built for AI — GeForce RTX — NVIDIA accelerated the shift to AI computing. Since then, AI on RTX PCs and workstations has grown into a thriving ecosystem with more than 100 million ...

March 05, 2024
The Magic Behind the Screen: Celebrating the 96th Academy Awards Nominees for Best Visual Effects
The 96th Academy Awards nominees for Best Visual Effects are a testament to the incredible technological advancements pushing the boundaries of what’s possible in film. Whether showcasing colossal destruction scenes, heart-pumping action sequences ...

March 04, 2024
Robo Rendezvous: Robotics Innovators and AI Leaders to Converge at NVIDIA GTC
Bringing together pioneers in robotics and AI, NVIDIA GTC will be a state-of-the-art showcase of applied AI for autonomous machines. The conference, running March 18-21 at the San Jose Convention Center and online, boasts a star-studded lineup. This ...

March 01, 2024
Automakers Electrify Geneva International Motor Show
The Geneva International Motor Show, one of the most important and long-standing global auto exhibitions, opened this week, with the spotlight on several China and U.S. EV makers building on NVIDIA DRIVE that are expanding their presence in Europe. ...

March 01, 2024
No Noobs Here: Top Pro Gamers Bolster Software Quality Assurance Testing
For some NVIDIANs, it’s always game day. Our Santa Clara-based software quality assurance team boasts some of the world’s top gamers, whose search for bugs and errors is as strategic as their battle plans for toppling top-tier opponents in video ...

March 01, 2024
What Is Trustworthy AI?
Artificial intelligence, like any transformative technology, is a work in progress — continually growing in its capabilities and its societal impact. Trustworthy AI initiatives recognize the real-world effects that AI can have on people and society, ...

March 01, 2024
Live at GTC: Hear From Industry Leaders Using AI to Drive Innovation and Agility
Enterprise execs across broad sectors to share their AI strategies and success stories.

February 29, 2024
Battle.net Leaps Into the Cloud With GeForce NOW
GFN Thursday celebrates this leap day with the addition of a popular game store to the cloud. Stream the first titles from Blizzard Entertainment’s Battle.net, including Diablo IV, Overwatch 2, Call of Duty HQ and Hearthstone, now playable across ...

February 28, 2024
What Is Sovereign AI?
Nations have long invested in domestic infrastructure to advance their economies, control their own data and take advantage of technology opportunities in areas such as transportation, communications, commerce, entertainment and healthcare. AI, the ...

March 14, 2024
NVIDIA GTC 2024: A Glimpse Into the Future of AI With Jensen Huang
NVIDIA’s founder and CEO will discuss the future of AI at one of the world’s premier technology conferences.

March 13, 2024
AI Decoded: Demystifying Large Language Models, the Brains Behind Chatbots
If AI is having its iPhone moment, then chatbots are one of its first popular apps.

March 13, 2024
Currents of Change: ITIF President Daniel Castro on Energy-Efficient AI and Climate Change
AI-driven change is in the air, as are concerns about the technology’s environmental impact. In this episode of NVIDIA’s AI Podcast, Daniel Castro, vice president of the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation and director of its Center for ...

March 12, 2024
Head of the Class: Explore AI’s Potential in Higher Education and Research at GTC
For students, researchers and educators eager to delve into AI, GTC — NVIDIA’s conference on AI and accelerated computing — is in a class of its own. Taking place from March 18-21 at the San Jose Convention Center, GTC features over 900 talks ...

March 11, 2024
Eco-System Upgrade: AI Plants a Digital Forest at NVIDIA GTC
The ecosystem around NVIDIA’s technologies has always been verdant — but this is absurd. After a stunning premiere at the World Economic Forum in Davos, immersive artworks based on Refik Anadol Studio’s Large Nature Model will come to the U.S. for ...

March 11, 2024
AI Getting Green Light: City of Raleigh Taps NVIDIA Metropolis to Improve Traffic
You might say that James Alberque has a bird’s-eye view of the road congestion and challenges that come with a booming U.S. city. Alberque analyzes traffic data for Raleigh, North Carolina, which has seen its population more than double in the past ...

March 07, 2024
LLMs Land on Laptops: NVIDIA, HP CEOs Celebrate AI PCs
2024 will be the year generative AI gets personal, the CEOs of NVIDIA and HP said today in a fireside chat unveiling new laptops that can build, test and run large language models. “This is a renaissance of the personal computer,” said NVIDIA ...

March 07, 2024
First Class: NVIDIA Introduces Generative AI Professional Certification
NVIDIA is offering a new professional certification in generative AI to enable developers to establish technical credibility in this important domain. Generative AI is revolutionizing industries worldwide, yet there’s a critical skills gap and need ...

March 07, 2024
NVIDIA and HP Supercharge Data Science and Generative AI on Workstations
Coming to Z by HP AI Studio, NVIDIA CUDA-X Data Processing Libraries Boost Python Pandas Software for Millions of Data Scientists
NVIDIA and HP Inc. today announced that NVIDIA CUDA-X™ data processing libraries will be integrated with HP AI workstation solutions to turbocharge the data preparation and processing work that forms the foundation of generative AI development.

March 07, 2024
Don’t Pass This Up: Day Passes Now Available on GeForce NOW
Gamers can now seize the day with Day Passes, available to purchase for 24-hour continuous access to powerful cloud gaming with all the benefits of a GeForce NOW Ultimate or Priority membership — no commitment required. Publisher Cygames brings its ...

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA BioNeMo Expands Computer-Aided Drug Discovery With New Foundation Models
Pharma and biology researchers developing the next generation of therapeutics can now take advantage of NVIDIA BioNeMo’s expanded generative AI toolkit, along with new ways to access its models. The latest BioNeMo foundation models can analyze DNA ...

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA Healthcare Launches Generative AI Microservices to Advance Drug Discovery, MedTech and Digital Health
New Catalog of NVIDIA NIM and GPU-Accelerated Microservices for Biology, Chemistry, Imaging and Healthcare Data Runs in Every NVIDIA DGX Cloud
NVIDIA today launched more than two dozen new microservices that allow healthcare enterprises worldwide to take advantage of the latest advances in generative AI from anywhere and on any cloud.

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA Announces Earth Climate Digital Twin
The Weather Company, Central Weather Administration of Taiwan Among First to Adopt New Earth-2 Cloud APIs, Using AI to Speed Creation of High-Resolution Simulations and Visualization of Global Climate, Weather at Groundbreaking 2-Kilometer Scale
To accelerate efforts to combat the $140 billion in economic losses due to extreme weather brought on by climate change, NVIDIA today announced its Earth-2 climate digital twin cloud platform for simulating and visualizing weather and climate at ...

March 18, 2024
Microsoft and NVIDIA Announce Major Integrations to Accelerate Generative AI for Enterprises Everywhere
At GTC on Monday, Microsoft Corp. and NVIDIA expanded their longstanding collaboration with powerful new integrations that leverage the latest NVIDIA generative AI and Omniverse™ technologies across Microsoft Azure, Azure AI services, Microsoft ...

March 18, 2024
AWS and NVIDIA Extend Collaboration to Advance Generative AI Innovation
Amazon Web Services (AWS), an Amazon.com company, and NVIDIA today announced that the new NVIDIA Blackwell GPU platform—unveiled by NVIDIA at GTC 2024—is coming to AWS.

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA Announces New Switches Optimized for Trillion-Parameter GPU Computing and AI Infrastructure
NVIDIA today announced a new wave of networking switches, the X800 series, designed for massive-scale AI.

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA Launches Blackwell-Powered DGX SuperPOD for Generative AI Supercomputing at Trillion-Parameter Scale
Scales to Tens of Thousands of Grace Blackwell Superchips Using Most Advanced NVIDIA Networking, NVIDIA Full-Stack AI Software, and Storage Features up to 576 Blackwell GPUs Connected as One With NVIDIA NVLink NVIDIA System Experts Speed Deployment for Immediate AI Infrastructure
NVIDIA today announced its next-generation AI supercomputer — the NVIDIA DGX SuperPOD™ powered by NVIDIA GB200 Grace Blackwell Superchips — for processing trillion-parameter models with constant uptime for superscale generative AI training and ...

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA Blackwell Platform Arrives to Power a New Era of Computing
Powering a new era of computing, NVIDIA today announced that the NVIDIA Blackwell platform has arrived — enabling organizations everywhere to build and run real-time generative AI on trillion-parameter large language models at up to 25x less cost ...

March 18, 2024
TSMC and Synopsys Bring Breakthrough NVIDIA Computational Lithography Platform to Production
NVIDIA cuLitho Accelerates Semiconductor Manufacturing’s Most Compute-Intensive Workload by 40-60x, Opens Industry to New Generative AI Algorithms
NVIDIA today announced that TSMC and Synopsys are going into production with NVIDIA’s computational lithography platform to accelerate manufacturing and push the limits of physics for the next generation of advanced semiconductor chips.

March 14, 2024
Reach for the Stars: Eight Out-of-This-World Games Join the Cloud
The stars align this GFN Thursday as more top titles from Ubisoft and Square Enix join the cloud. Star Wars Outlaws will be coming to the GeForce NOW library at launch later this year, while STAR OCEAN THE SECOND STORY R and PARANORMASIGHT: The ...

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA Announces Project GR00T Foundation Model for Humanoid Robots and Major Isaac Robotics Platform Update
Isaac Robotics Platform Now Provides Developers New Robot Training Simulator, Jetson Thor Robot Computer, Generative AI Foundation Models, and CUDA-Accelerated Perception and Manipulation Libraries
NVIDIA today announced Project GR00T, a general-purpose foundation model for humanoid robots, designed to further its work driving breakthroughs in robotics and embodied AI.

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA DRIVE Powers Next Generation of Transportation — From Cars and Trucks to Robotaxis and Autonomous Delivery Vehicles
BYD, Hyper, XPENG, Plus, Nuro, Waabi and WeRide Adopt DRIVE Thor; Features New Generative AI Capabilities of Blackwell Architecture
NVIDIA today announced that leading companies across the transportation sector have adopted the NVIDIA DRIVE Thor™ centralized car computer to power their next-generation consumer and commercial fleets — from new energy vehicles and trucks to ...

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA Omniverse Expands Worlds Using Apple Vision Pro
NVIDIA is bringing OpenUSD-based Omniverse enterprise digital twins to the Apple Vision Pro. Announced today at NVIDIA GTC, a new software framework built on Omniverse Cloud APIs, or application programming interfaces, lets developers easily send ...

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA and Siemens Bring Immersive Visualization and Generative AI to Industrial Design and Manufacturing
Generative AI and digital twins are changing the way companies in multiple industries design, manufacture and operate their products. Siemens, a leading technology company for automation, digitalization and sustainability, announced today at NVIDIA ...

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA Supercharges Autonomous System Development with Omniverse Cloud APIs
While simulation is critical for training, testing and deploying autonomy, achieving real-world fidelity is incredibly challenging. It requires accurate modeling of the physics and behavior of an autonomous system’s sensors and surroundings. ...

March 18, 2024
Staying in Sync: NVIDIA Combines Digital Twins With Real-Time AI for Industrial Automation
Real-time AI is helping with the heavy lifting in manufacturing, factory logistics and robotics. In such industries — often involving bulky products, expensive equipment, cobot environments and logistically complex facilities — a simulation-first ...

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA Announces Omniverse Cloud APIs to Power Wave of Industrial Digital Twin Software Tools
Ansys, Cadence, Hexagon, Microsoft, Rockwell Automation, Siemens, Trimble Adopt Omniverse Technologies to Help Customers Design, Simulate, Build and Operate Physically Based Digital Twins
NVIDIA today announced that NVIDIA Omniverse™ Cloud will be available as APIs, extending the reach of the world’s leading platform for creating industrial digital twin applications and workflows across the entire ecosystem of software makers.

March 18, 2024
At Your Microservice: NVIDIA Smooths Businesses’ Journey to Generative AI
NVIDIA’s AI platform is available to any forward-thinking business — and it’s easier to use than ever. Launched today, NVIDIA AI Enterprise 5.0 includes NVIDIA microservices, downloadable software containers for deploying generative AI applications ...

March 18, 2024
Safe and Found: NVIDIA Generative AI Microservices Help Enterprises Detect and Address Software Security Issues in Seconds
Software is writing software, thanks to generative AI. Now, it can even help check software for cybersecurity and other risks. NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang today unveiled in his GTC keynote how the company’s generative AI technologies can ...

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA Launches Generative AI Microservices for Developers to Create and Deploy Generative AI Copilots Across NVIDIA CUDA GPU Installed Base
NVIDIA today launched dozens of enterprise-grade generative AI microservices that businesses can use to create and deploy custom applications on their own platforms while retaining full ownership and control of their intellectual property.

March 18, 2024
BNY Mellon, First Global Bank to Deploy AI Supercomputer Powered by NVIDIA DGX SuperPOD With DGX H100
Moving fast to accelerate its AI journey, BNY Mellon, a global financial services company celebrating its 240th anniversary, revealed Monday that it has become the first major bank to deploy an NVIDIA DGX SuperPOD with DGX H100 systems. Thanks to ...

March 18, 2024
SAP and NVIDIA to Accelerate Generative AI Adoption Across Enterprise Applications Powering Global Industries
Customers Can Harness Their Business Data in Cloud Solutions from SAP Using Customized LLMs Deployed With NVIDIA AI Foundry Services and New NVIDIA NIM Microservices
SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) and NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) today announced a partnership expansion focused on accelerating enterprise customers’ ability to harness the transformative power of data and generative AI across SAP’s portfolio of cloud solutions and ...

March 18, 2024
Google Cloud and NVIDIA Expand Partnership to Scale AI Development
New AI infrastructure offerings and integrations enable more open and accessible AI
Google Cloud and NVIDIA today announced a deepened partnership to enable the machine learning (ML) community with technology that accelerates their efforts to easily build, scale and manage generative AI applications.

March 18, 2024
Oracle and NVIDIA to Deliver Sovereign AI Worldwide
Oracle and NVIDIA today announced an expanded collaboration to deliver sovereign AI solutions to customers around the world.

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA Brings Generative AI for Digital Humans, New RTX Technologies and More DLSS 3.5 Games to GDC
Generative AI is capable of creating more realistic verbal and facial expressions for digital humans than ever before. This week at GDC 2024, NVIDIA announced that leading AI application developers across a wide range of industries are using NVIDIA ...

March 18, 2024
Johnson & Johnson MedTech Works With NVIDIA to Broaden AI’s Reach in Surgery
AI — already used to connect, analyze and offer predictions based on operating room data — will be critical to the future of surgery, boosting operating room efficiency and clinical decision-making. That’s why NVIDIA is working with Johnson & ...

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA Unveils 6G Research Cloud Platform to Advance Wireless Communications With AI
Ansys, Keysight, Nokia, Samsung Among First to Use NVIDIA Aerial Omniverse Digital Twin, Aerial CUDA-Accelerated RAN and Sionna Neural Radio Framework to Help Realize the Future of Telecommunications
NVIDIA today announced a 6G research platform that empowers researchers with a novel approach to develop the next phase of wireless technology.

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA Powers Japan’s ABCI-Q Supercomputer for Quantum Research
ABCI-Q Powered by NVIDIA Hopper Architecture and NVIDIA CUDA-Q to Advance Nation’s Quantum Computing Efforts
NVIDIA today announced that Japan’s new ABCI-Q supercomputer — designed to advance the nation’s quantum computing initiative — will be powered by NVIDIA platforms for accelerated and quantum computing.

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA Launches Cloud Quantum-Computer Simulation Microservices
Available Through Major Cloud Providers, NVIDIA’s Quantum Simulation Platform to Help Scientists Advance Quantum Computing and Algorithm Research
NVIDIA today launched a cloud service that allows researchers and developers to push the boundaries of quantum computing exploration in key scientific domains, including chemistry, biology and materials science.

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA Isaac Taps Generative AI for Manufacturing and Logistics Applications
The NVIDIA Isaac robotics platform is tapping into the latest generative AI and advanced simulation technologies to accelerate AI-enabled robotics. At GTC today, NVIDIA announced Isaac Manipulator and Isaac Perceptor — a collection of foundation ...

March 18, 2024
All Aboard: NVIDIA Scores 23 World Records for Route Optimization
With nearly two dozen world records to its name, NVIDIA cuOpt now holds the top spot for 100% of the largest routing benchmarks in the last three years. And this means the route optimization engine allows industries to hop on board for all kinds of ...

March 18, 2024
All Eyes on AI: Automotive Tech on Full Display at GTC 2024
All eyes across the auto industry are on GTC — the global AI conference running in San Jose, Calif., and online through Thursday, March 21 — as the world’s top automakers and tech leaders converge to showcase the latest models, demo new technologies ...

March 18, 2024
Generative AI Developers Harness NVIDIA Technologies to Transform In-Vehicle Experiences
Cars of the future will be more than just modes of transportation; they’ll be intelligent companions, seamlessly blending technology and comfort to enhance driving experiences, and built for safety, inside and out. NVIDIA GTC, running this week at ...

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA Unveils Digital Blueprint for Building Next-Gen Data Centers
Designing, simulating and bringing up modern data centers is incredibly complex, involving multiple considerations like performance, energy efficiency and scalability. It also requires bringing together a team of highly skilled engineers across ...

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA Digital Human Technologies Bring AI Characters to Life
Leading AI Developers Use Suite of NVIDIA Technologies to Create Lifelike Avatars and Dynamic Characters for Everything From Games to Healthcare, Financial Services and Retail Applications
NVIDIA announced today that leading AI application developers across a wide range of industries are using NVIDIA digital human technologies to create lifelike avatars for commercial applications and dynamic game characters.

March 18, 2024
New NVIDIA Storage Partner Validation Program Streamlines Enterprise AI Deployments
A sharp increase in generative AI deployments is driving business innovation for enterprises across industries. But it’s also posing significant challenges for their IT teams, as slowdowns from long and complex infrastructure deployment cycles ...

March 18, 2024
From Atoms to Supercomputers: NVIDIA, Partners Scale Quantum Computing
The latest advances in quantum computing include investigating molecules, deploying giant supercomputers and building the quantum workforce with a new academic program. Researchers in Canada and the U.S. used a large language model to simplify ...

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA Maxine Developer Platform to Transform $10 Billion Video Conferencing Industry
Video conferencing has allowed many to be productive from anywhere. Now NVIDIA is boosting the productivity of the developers of video conferencing, call center and streaming applications within the $10 billion industry by allowing them to easily ...

March 18, 2024
NVIDIA Edify Unlocks 3D Generative AI, New Image Controls for Visual Content Providers
NVIDIA Edify, a multimodal architecture for visual generative AI, is entering a new dimension. 3D asset generation is among the latest capabilities Edify offers developers and visual content providers, who will also be able to exert more creative ...

March 18, 2024
Make It So: Software Speeds Journey to Post-Quantum Cryptography
The journey to the future of secure communications is about to jump to warp drive. NVIDIA cuPQC brings accelerated computing to developers working on cryptography for the age of quantum computing. The cuPQC library harnesses the parallelism of GPUs ...

March 21, 2024
Here Be Dragons: ‘Dragon’s Dogma 2’ Comes to GeForce NOW
Arise for a new adventure with Dragon’s Dogma 2, leading two new titles joining the GeForce NOW library this week. Set Forth, Arisen Time to go on a grand adventure, Arisen! Dragon’s Dogma 2, the long-awaited sequel to Capcom’s legendary action ...

March 21, 2024
Instant Latte: NVIDIA Gen AI Research Brews 3D Shapes in Under a Second
NVIDIA researchers have pumped a double shot of acceleration into their latest text-to-3D generative AI model, dubbed LATTE3D. Like a virtual 3D printer, LATTE3D turns text prompts into 3D representations of objects and animals within a second. ...

March 21, 2024
‘You Transformed the World,’ NVIDIA CEO Tells Researchers Behind Landmark AI Paper
Of GTC’s 900+ sessions, the most wildly popular was a conversation hosted by NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang with seven of the authors of the legendary research paper that introduced the aptly named transformer — a neural network architecture ...

March 20, 2024
AI Decoded From GTC: The Latest Developer Tools and Apps Accelerating AI on PC and Workstation
NVIDIA’s RTX AI platform includes tools and software development kits that help Windows developers create cutting-edge generative AI features to deliver the best performance on AI PCs and workstations.

March 19, 2024
Secure by Design: NVIDIA AIOps Partner Ecosystem Blends AI for Businesses
In today’s complex business environments, IT teams face a constant flow of challenges, from simple issues like employee account lockouts to critical security threats. These situations demand both quick fixes and strategic defenses, making the job of ...

March 19, 2024
Climate Pioneers: 3 Startups Harnessing NVIDIA’s AI and Earth-2 Platforms
To help mitigate climate change — one of humanity’s greatest challenges — researchers are turning to AI and sustainable computing to accelerate and operationalize their work. At this week’s NVIDIA GTC global AI conference, startups, enterprises and ...

March 19, 2024
NVIDIA Celebrates Americas Partners Driving AI-Powered Transformation
NVIDIA recognized 14 partners in the Americas for their achievements in transforming businesses with AI, this week at GTC. The winners of the NVIDIA Partner Network Americas Partner of the Year awards have helped customers across industries advance ...

March 19, 2024
NVIDIA, Huang Win Top Honors in Innovation, Engineering
NVIDIA today was named the world’s most innovative company by Fast Company magazine. The accolade comes on the heels of company founder and CEO Jensen Huang being inducted into the U.S. National Academy of Engineering. A team of several dozen ...

March 19, 2024
Generation Sensation: New Generative AI and RTX Tools Boost Content Creation
Creators are getting a generative AI boost with tools announced at NVIDIA GTC, a global AI conference bringing together the brightest minds in AI content creation and accelerated computing.

March 18, 2024
‘We Created a Processor for the Generative AI Era,’ NVIDIA CEO Says
Generative AI promises to revolutionize every industry it touches — all that’s been needed is the technology to meet the challenge. NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang on Monday introduced that technology—the company’s new Blackwell computing platform—as he ...

March 28, 2024
Get Cozy With ‘Palia’ on GeForce NOW
Ease into spring with the warm, cozy vibes of Palia, coming to the cloud this GFN Thursday. It’s part of six new titles joining the GeForce NOW library of over 1,800 games. Welcome Home Escape to a cozy world with Palia, a free-to-play massively ...

March 27, 2024
Software Developers Launch OpenUSD and Generative AI-Powered Product Configurators Built on NVIDIA Omniverse
From designing dream cars to customizing clothing, 3D product configurators are ringing in a new era of hyper-personalization that will benefit retailers and consumers. Developers are delivering innovative virtual product experiences and automated ...

March 27, 2024
NVIDIA Hopper Leaps Ahead in Generative AI at MLPerf
It’s official: NVIDIA delivered the world’s fastest platform in industry-standard tests for inference on generative AI. In the latest MLPerf benchmarks, NVIDIA TensorRT-LLM — software that speeds and simplifies the complex job of inference on large ...

March 27, 2024
Unlocking Peak Generations: TensorRT Accelerates AI on RTX PCs and Workstations
As generative AI advances and becomes widespread across industries, the importance of running generative AI applications on local PCs and workstations grows.

March 27, 2024
Viome’s Guru Banavar Discusses AI for Personalized Health
In the latest episode of NVIDIA’s AI Podcast, Viome Chief Technology Officer Guru Banavar spoke with host Noah Kravitz about how AI and RNA sequencing are revolutionizing personalized healthcare. The startup aims to tackle the root causes of chronic ...

March 26, 2024
Boom in AI-Enabled Medical Devices Transforms Healthcare
The future of healthcare is software-defined and AI-enabled. Around 700 FDA-cleared, AI-enabled medical devices are now on the market — more than 10x the number available in 2020. Many of the innovators behind this boom announced their latest ...

March 26, 2024
Model Innovators: How Digital Twins Are Making Industries More Efficient
A manufacturing plant near Hsinchu, Taiwan’s Silicon Valley, is among facilities worldwide boosting energy efficiency with AI-enabled digital twins. A virtual model can help streamline operations, maximizing throughput for its physical counterpart, ...

March 26, 2024
Into the Omniverse: Groundbreaking OpenUSD Advancements Put NVIDIA GTC Spotlight on Developers
Editor’s note: This post is part of Into the Omniverse, a series focused on how artists, developers and enterprises can transform their workflows using the latest advances in OpenUSD and NVIDIA Omniverse. The Universal Scene Description framework, ...

March 25, 2024
NVIDIA Blackwell and Automotive Industry Innovators Dazzle at NVIDIA GTC
Generative AI, in the data center and in the car, is making vehicle experiences safer and more enjoyable. The latest advancements in automotive technology were on display last week at NVIDIA GTC, a global AI conference that drew tens of thousands of ...

March 21, 2024
AI’s New Frontier: From Daydreams to Digital Deeds
Imagine a world where you can whisper your digital wishes into your device, and poof, it happens. That world may be coming sooner than you think. But if you’re worried about AI doing your thinking for you, you might be waiting for a while. In a ...

April 10, 2024
Combating Corruption With Data: Cleanlab and Berkeley Research Group on Using AI-Powered Investigative Analytics
Talk about scrubbing data. Curtis Northcutt, cofounder and CEO of Cleanlab, and Steven Gawthorpe, senior data scientist at Berkeley Research Group, speak about Cleanlab’s groundbreaking approach to data curation with Noah Kravitz, host of NVIDIA’s ...

April 10, 2024
The Building Blocks of AI: Decoding the Role and Significance of Foundation Models
Skyscrapers start with strong foundations. The same goes for apps powered by AI.

April 09, 2024
NVIDIA Joins $110 Million Partnership to Help Universities Teach AI Skills
The Biden Administration has announced a new $110 million AI partnership between Japan and the United States that includes an initiative to fund research through a collaboration between the University of Washington and the University of Tsukuba. ...

April 09, 2024
Broadcasting Breakthroughs: NVIDIA Holoscan for Media, Available Now, Transforms Live Media With Easy AI Integration
Whether delivering live sports programming, streaming services, network broadcasts or content on social platforms, media companies face a daunting landscape. Viewers are increasingly opting for interactive and personalized content. Virtual reality ...

April 09, 2024
Start Up Your Engines: NVIDIA and Google Cloud Collaborate to Accelerate AI Development
NVIDIA and Google Cloud have announced a new collaboration to help startups around the world accelerate the creation of generative AI applications and services. The announcement, made today at Google Cloud Next ‘24 in Las Vegas, brings together the ...

April 04, 2024
NVIDIA Ranked by Fortune at No. 3 on ‘100 Best Companies to Work For’ List
NVIDIA jumped to No. 3 on the latest list of America’s 100 Best Companies to Work For by Fortune magazine and Great Place to Work. It’s the company’s eighth consecutive year and highest ranking yet on the widely followed list, published today, which ...

April 04, 2024
‘The Elder Scrolls Online’ Joins GeForce NOW for Game’s 10th Anniversary
Rain or shine, a new month means new games. GeForce NOW kicks off April with nearly 20 new games, seven of which are available to play this week. GFN Thursday celebrates the 10-year anniversary of ZeniMax Online Studios’ Elder Scrolls Online by ...

April 03, 2024
A New Lens: Dotlumen CEO Cornel Amariei on Assistive Technology for the Visually Impaired
Dotlumen is illuminating a new technology to help people with visual impairments navigate the world. In this episode of NVIDIA’s AI Podcast, recorded live at the NVIDIA GTC global AI conference, host Noah Kravitz spoke with the Romanian startup’s ...

April 03, 2024
Coming Up ACEs: Decoding the AI Technology That’s Enhancing Games With Realistic Digital Humans
Non-playable characters often play a crucial role in video game storytelling, but since they’re usually designed with a fixed purpose, they can get repetitive and boring — especially in vast worlds where there are thousands.

March 28, 2024
Greater Scope: Doctors Get Inside Look at Gut Health With AI-Powered Endoscopy
From humble beginnings as a university spinoff to an acquisition by the leading global medtech company in its field, Odin Vision has been on an accelerated journey since its founding less than five years ago. An alum of the NVIDIA Inception program ...

April 22, 2024
Climate Tech Startups Integrate NVIDIA AI for Sustainability Applications
Whether they’re monitoring miniscule insects or delivering insights from satellites in space, NVIDIA-accelerated startups are making every day Earth Day. Sustainable Futures, an initiative within the NVIDIA Inception program for cutting-edge ...

April 18, 2024
Wide Open: NVIDIA Accelerates Inference on Meta Llama 3
NVIDIA today announced optimizations across all its platforms to accelerate Meta Llama 3, the latest generation of the large language model (LLM). The open model combined with NVIDIA accelerated computing equips developers, researchers and ...

April 18, 2024
Up to No Good: ‘No Rest for the Wicked’ Early Access Launches on GeForce NOW
It’s time to get a little wicked. Members can now stream No Rest for the Wicked from the cloud. It leads six new games joining the GeForce NOW library of more than 1,500 games. Holy Moly No Rest for the Wicked is the highly anticipated action ...

April 18, 2024
NVIDIA Honors Partners of the Year in Europe, Middle East, Africa
NVIDIA today recognized 18 partners in Europe, the Middle East and Africa for their achievements and commitment to driving AI adoption. The recipients were honored at the annual EMEA Partner Day hosted by the NVIDIA Partner Network (NPN). The awards ...

April 17, 2024
Seeing Beyond: Living Optics CEO Robin Wang on Democratizing Hyperspectral Imaging
Step into the realm of the unseen with Robin Wang, CEO of Living Optics. The startup cofounder discusses the power of hyperspectral imaging with AI Podcast host Noah Kravitz in an episode recorded live at the NVIDIA GTC global AI conference. Living ...

April 17, 2024
Moving Pictures: Transform Images Into 3D Scenes With NVIDIA Instant NeRF
NVIDIA RTX technology-powered AI helps turn such an imagination into reality. Using Instant NeRF, creatives are transforming collections of still images into digital 3D scenes in just seconds.

April 16, 2024
New NVIDIA RTX A400 and A1000 GPUs Enhance AI-Powered Design and Productivity Workflows
AI integration across design and productivity applications is becoming the new standard, fueling demand for advanced computing performance. This means professionals and creatives will need to tap into increased compute power, regardless of the ...

April 16, 2024
To Cut a Long Story Short: Video Editors Benefit From DaVinci Resolve’s New AI Features Powered by RTX
Blackmagic Design’s DaVinci Resolve released version 19 adding the IntelliTrack AI point tracker and UltraNR AI-powered features to further streamline video editing workflows.

April 15, 2024
AI Is Tech’s ‘Greatest Contribution to Social Elevation,’ NVIDIA CEO Tells Oregon State Students
Amid a flurry of investments in higher education, NVIDIA founder Jensen Huang highlights potential for AI to serve as a “collaborator” as alma mater breaks ground on $213 million research complex.

April 11, 2024
Bethesda’s ‘Fallout’ Titles Join GeForce NOW
Welcome to the wasteland, Vault Dwellers. Bethesda’s Fallout 4 and Fallout 76 are bringing post-nuclear adventures to the cloud. These highly acclaimed action role-playing games lead 10 new titles joining GeForce NOW this week. Announced as coming ...

May 01, 2024
Say It Again: ChatRTX Adds New AI Models, Features in Latest Update
Chatbots powered by large-language AI models have transformed computing, and NVIDIA ChatRTX lets users interact with their local data, accelerated by NVIDIA RTX-powered Windows PCs and workstations.

April 29, 2024
SEA.AI Navigates the Future With AI at the Helm
Talk about commitment. When startup SEA.AI, an NVIDIA Metropolis partner, set out to create a system that would use AI to scan the seas to enhance maritime safety, entrepreneur Raphael Biancale wasn’t afraid to take the plunge. He donned a ...

April 25, 2024
AI Drives Future of Transportation at Asia’s Largest Automotive Show
The latest trends and technologies in the automotive industry are in the spotlight at the Beijing International Automotive Exhibition, aka Auto China, which opens to the public on Saturday, April 27. An array of NVIDIA auto partners is embracing ...

April 25, 2024
Blast From the Past: Stream ‘StarCraft’ and ‘Diablo’ on GeForce NOW
Support for Battle.net on GeForce NOW expands this GFN Thursday, as titles from the iconic StarCraft and Diablo series come to the cloud. StarCraft Remastered, StarCraft II, Diablo II: Resurrected and Diablo III are part of 16 new games joining the ...

April 25, 2024
Into the Omniverse: Unlocking the Future of Manufacturing With OpenUSD on Siemens Teamcenter X
OpenUSD integration into Siemens technologies powers a new wave of industrial digitalization.

April 24, 2024
How Virtual Factories Are Making Industrial Digitalization a Reality
To address the shift to electric vehicles, increased semiconductor demand, manufacturing onshoring, and ambitions for greater sustainability, manufacturers are investing in new factory developments and re-engineering their existing facilities. These ...

April 24, 2024
NVIDIA to Acquire GPU Orchestration Software Provider Run:ai
To help customers make more efficient use of their AI computing resources, NVIDIA today announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Run:ai, a Kubernetes-based workload management and orchestration software provider. Customer AI ...

April 24, 2024
Forecasting the Future: AI2’s Christopher Bretherton Discusses Using Machine Learning for Climate Modeling
Can machine learning help predict extreme weather events and climate change? Christopher Bretherton, senior director of climate modeling at the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence, or AI2, explores the technology’s potential to enhance ...

April 24, 2024
Rays Up: Decoding AI-Powered DLSS 3.5 Ray Reconstruction
DLSS 3.5 with Ray Reconstruction creates higher quality ray-traced images for intensive ray-traced games and apps.

April 23, 2024
Small and Mighty: NVIDIA Accelerates Microsoft’s Open Phi-3 Mini Language Models
NVIDIA announced today its acceleration of Microsoft’s new Phi-3 Mini open language model with NVIDIA TensorRT-LLM, an open-source library for optimizing large language model inference when running on NVIDIA GPUs from PC to cloud. Phi-3 Mini packs ...

May 08, 2024
AI Decoded: New DaVinci Resolve Tools Bring RTX-Accelerated Renaissance to Editors
AI tools accelerated by NVIDIA RTX have made it easier than ever to edit and work with video.

May 08, 2024
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang to Deliver Keynote Ahead of COMPUTEX 2024
Amid an AI revolution sweeping through trillion-dollar industries worldwide, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang will deliver a keynote address ahead of COMPUTEX 2024, in Taipei, outlining what’s next for the AI ecosystem. Slated for June 2 at the ...

May 07, 2024
NVIDIA DGX SuperPOD to Power US Government Generative AI
In support of President Biden’s executive order on AI, the U.S. government will use an NVIDIA DGX SuperPOD to produce generative AI advances in climate science, healthcare and cybersecurity. The executive order, issued in October, is aimed at ...

May 06, 2024
A Mighty Meeting: Generative AI, Cybersecurity Connect at RSA
Cybersecurity experts at the RSA Conference this week will be on the hunt for ways to secure their operations in the era of generative AI. They’ll find many of the latest tools use AI and accelerated computing. This intersection of security and AI ...

May 06, 2024
NVIDIA and Alphabet’s Intrinsic Put Next-Gen Robotics Within Grasp
Intrinsic, a software and AI robotics company at Alphabet, has integrated NVIDIA AI and Isaac platform technologies to advance the complex field of autonomous robotic manipulation. This week at the Automate trade show, in Chicago, Intrinsic is ...

May 02, 2024
NVIDIA AI Microservices for Drug Discovery, Digital Health Now Integrated With AWS
Harnessing optimized AI models for healthcare is easier than ever as NVIDIA NIM, a collection of cloud-native microservices, integrates with Amazon Web Services. NIM, part of the NVIDIA AI Enterprise software platform available on AWS Marketplace, ...

May 02, 2024
GeForce NOW Delivers 24 A-May-zing Games This Month
GeForce NOW brings 24 new games for members this month. Ninja Theory’s highly anticipated Senua’s Saga: Hellblade II will be coming to the cloud soon — get ready by streaming the first in the series, Hellblade: Senua’s Sacrifice, part of the seven ...

May 01, 2024
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for First-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of Call
NVIDIA will host a conference call on Wednesday, May 22, at 2 p.m. PT (5 p.m. ET) to discuss its financial results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, which ended April 28, 2024.

May 01, 2024
Explainable AI: Insights from Arthur’s Adam Wenchel
Arthur.ai enhances the performance of AI systems across various metrics like accuracy, explainability and fairness. In this episode of the NVIDIA AI Podcast, recorded live at GTC 2024, host Noah Kravitz sits down with Adam Wenchel, cofounder and CEO ...

May 01, 2024
AI Takes a Bow: Interactive GLaDOS Robot Among 9 Winners in Hackster.io Challenge
YouTube robotics influencer Dave Niewinski has developed robots for everything from driveable La-Z-Boy chairs to an AI-guided cornhole tosser and horse-drawn chariot racing. His recent Interactive Animatronic GLaDOS project was among nine winners in ...

May 14, 2024
Gemma, Meet NIM: NVIDIA Teams Up With Google DeepMind to Drive Large Language Model Innovation
Large language models that power generative AI are seeing intense innovation — models that handle multiple types of data such as text, image and sounds are becoming increasingly common. However, building and deploying these models remains ...

May 13, 2024
Drug Discovery, STAT! NVIDIA, Recursion Speed Pharma R&D With AI Supercomputer
Described as the largest system in the pharmaceutical industry, BioHive-2 at the Salt Lake City headquarters of Recursion debuts today at No. 35, up more than 100 spots from its predecessor on the latest TOP500 list of the world’s fastest ...

May 12, 2024
NVIDIA Blackwell Platform Pushes the Boundaries of Scientific Computing
Quantum computing. Drug discovery. Fusion energy. Scientific computing and physics-based simulations are poised to make giant steps across domains that benefit humanity as advances in accelerated computing and AI drive the world’s next big ...

May 12, 2024
Generating Science: NVIDIA AI Accelerates HPC Research
Generative AI is taking root at national and corporate labs, accelerating high-performance computing for business and science. Researchers at Sandia National Laboratories aim to automatically generate code in Kokkos, a parallel programming language ...

May 12, 2024
Dial It In: Data Centers Need New Metric for Energy Efficiency
Data centers need an upgraded dashboard to guide their journey to greater energy efficiency, one that shows progress running real-world applications. The formula for energy efficiency is simple: work done divided by energy used. Applying it to data ...

May 12, 2024
NVIDIA Grace Hopper Ignites New Era of AI Supercomputing
From Climate and Weather to Scientific Exploration, Switzerland’s Alps Supercomputer, France’s EXA1-HE Supercomputer and Others to Deliver 200 Exaflops of AI for Groundbreaking Research Using Energy-Efficient Grace-Based Systems
Driving a fundamental shift in the high-performance computing industry toward AI-powered systems, NVIDIA today announced nine new supercomputers worldwide are using NVIDIA Grace Hopper™ Superchips to speed scientific research and discovery. ...

May 12, 2024
NVIDIA Accelerates Quantum Computing Centers Worldwide With CUDA-Q Platform
Supercomputers in Germany, Japan and Poland Incorporate Grace-Hopper and Quantum-Classical Accelerated Supercomputing Platform to Advance Quantum Computing Research
NVIDIA today announced that it will accelerate quantum computing efforts at national supercomputing centers around the world with the open-source NVIDIA CUDA-Q™ platform.

May 09, 2024
Through the Wormhole: Media.Monks’ Vision for Enhancing Media and Marketing With AI
Meet Media.Monks’ Wormhole, an alien-like, conversational robot with a quirky personality and the ability to offer keen marketing expertise. Lewis Smithingham, senior vice president of innovation and special ops at Media.Monks, a global marketing ...

May 09, 2024
‘Honkai: Star Rail’ Blasts Off on GeForce NOW
Gear up, Trailblazers — Honkai: Star Rail lands on GeForce NOW this week, along with an in-game reward for members to celebrate the title’s launch in the cloud. Stream it today, along with five new games joining the GeForce NOW library of more than ...

May 08, 2024
‘Get On the Train’ NVIDIA CEO Says at ServiceNow’s Knowledge 2024
Now’s the time to hop aboard AI, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang declared Wednesday as ServiceNow unveiled a demo of futuristic AI avatars together with NVIDIA during a keynote at the Knowledge 24 conference in Las Vegas. “If something is moving ...

May 21, 2024
Watt a Win: NVIDIA Sweeps New Ranking of World’s Most Energy-Efficient Supercomputers
In the latest ranking of the world’s most energy-efficient supercomputers, known as the Green500, NVIDIA-powered systems swept the top three spots, and took seven of the top 10. The strong showing demonstrates how accelerated computing represents ...

May 21, 2024
NVIDIA Expands Collaboration With Microsoft to Help Developers Build, Deploy AI Applications Faster
If optimized AI workflows are like a perfectly tuned orchestra — where each component, from hardware infrastructure to software libraries, hits exactly the right note — then the long-standing harmony between NVIDIA and Microsoft is music to ...

May 21, 2024
New Performance Optimizations Supercharge NVIDIA RTX AI PCs for Gamers, Creators and Developers
NVIDIA today announced at Microsoft Build new AI performance optimizations and integrations for Windows that help deliver maximum performance on NVIDIA GeForce RTX AI PCs and NVIDIA RTX workstations.

May 21, 2024
A Superbloom of Updates in the May Studio Driver Gives Fresh Life to Content Creation
A superbloom of creative app updates, included in the May Studio Driver, is ready for download today.

May 20, 2024
Every Company to Be an ‘Intelligence Manufacturer,’ Declares NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang at Dell Technologies World
AI heralds a new era of innovation for every business in every industry, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang said Monday during an appearance at Dell Technologies World. “We now have the ability to manufacture intelligence,” Huang said during an ...

May 16, 2024
Fight for Honor in ‘Men of War II’ on GFN Thursday
Whether looking for new adventures, epic storylines or games to play with a friend, GeForce NOW members are covered. Start off with the much-anticipated sequel to the Men of War franchise or cozy up with some adorable pals in Palworld, both part of ...

May 15, 2024
NVIDIA, Teradyne and Siemens Gather in the ‘City of Robotics’ to Discuss Autonomous Machines and AI
Senior executives from NVIDIA, Siemens and Teradyne Robotics gathered this week in Odense, Denmark, to mark the launch of Teradyne’s new headquarters and discuss the massive advances coming to the robotics industry. One of Denmark’s oldest cities ...

May 15, 2024
Needle-Moving AI Research Trains Surgical Robots in Simulation
A collaboration between NVIDIA and academic researchers is prepping robots for surgery. ORBIT-Surgical — developed by researchers from the University of Toronto, UC Berkeley, ETH Zurich, Georgia Tech and NVIDIA — is a simulation framework to train ...

May 15, 2024
How Basecamp Research Helps Catalog Earth’s Biodiversity
Basecamp Research is on a mission to capture the vastness of life on Earth at an unprecedented scale. Phil Lorenz, CTO at Basecamp Research, discusses using AI and biodiversity data to advance fields like medicine and environmental conservation with ...

May 15, 2024
Fire It Up: Mozilla Firefox Adds Support for AI-Powered NVIDIA RTX Video
Mozilla Firefox, the popular open-source browser, is the latest partner to incorporate NVIDIA RTX Video, a technology that uses AI to improve video quality on Windows PCs and workstations.

May 30, 2024
Elevate Your Expertise: NVIDIA Introduces AI Infrastructure and Operations Training and Certification
NVIDIA has introduced a self-paced course, called AI Infrastructure and Operations Fundamentals, to provide enterprise professionals with essential training on the infrastructure and operational aspects of AI and accelerated computing. From ...

May 30, 2024
GeForce NOW Brings the Heat With ‘World of Warcraft’
World of Warcraft comes to the cloud this week, part of the 17 games joining the GeForce NOW library, with seven available to stream this week. Plus, it’s time to get rewarded. Get a free in-game mount in Elder Scrolls Online starting today by ...

May 29, 2024
Riding the Wayve of AV 2.0, Driven by Generative AI
Generative AI is propelling AV 2.0, a new era in autonomous vehicle technology characterized by large, unified, end-to-end AI models capable of managing various aspects of the vehicle stack, including perception, planning and control. London-based ...

May 29, 2024
Decoding How NVIDIA RTX AI PCs and Workstations Tap the Cloud to Supercharge Generative AI
Generative AI is enabling new capabilities for Windows applications and games. It’s powering unscripted, dynamic NPCs, it’s enabling creators to generate novel works of art, and it’s helping gamers boost frame rates by up to 4x.

May 29, 2024
Tidy Tech: How Two Stanford Students Are Building Robots for Handling Household Chores
Imagine having a robot that could help you clean up after a party — or fold heaps of laundry. Chengshu Eric Li and Josiah David Wong, two Stanford University Ph.D. students advised by renowned American computer scientist Professor Fei-Fei Li, are ...

May 27, 2024
NVIDIA Scoops Up Wins at COMPUTEX Best Choice Awards
Building on more than a dozen years of stacking wins at the COMPUTEX trade show’s annual Best Choice Awards, NVIDIA was today honored with BCAs for its latest technologies. The NVIDIA GH200 Grace Hopper Superchip won the Computer and System Category ...

May 23, 2024
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Event for Financial Community
SANTA CLARA, Calif., May 23, 2024 -- NVIDIA will present at the following event for the financial community: BofA Securities Global Technology ConferenceWednesday, June 5, ...

May 23, 2024
Into the Omniverse: SoftServe and Continental Drive Digitalization With OpenUSD and Generative AI
Leading German automotive technology company enhances manufacturing workflows with OpenUSD-powered virtual factory solutions.

May 23, 2024
Senua’s Story Continues: GeForce NOW Brings ‘Senua’s Saga: Hellblade II’ to the Cloud
Every week, GFN Thursday brings new games to the cloud, featuring some of the latest and greatest titles for members to play. Leading the seven games joining GeForce NOW this week is the newest game in Ninja Theory’s Hellblade franchise, Senua’s ...

May 22, 2024
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for First Quarter Fiscal 2025
NVIDIA today reported revenue for the first quarter ended April 28, 2024, of $26.0 billion, up 18% from the previous quarter and up 262% from a year ago.

June 02, 2024
Computer Industry Joins NVIDIA to Build AI Factories and Data Centers for the Next Industrial Revolution
NVIDIA and the world’s top computer manufacturers today unveiled an array of NVIDIA Blackwell architecture-powered systems featuring Grace CPUs, NVIDIA networking and infrastructure for enterprises to build AI factories and data centers to drive the ...

June 02, 2024
NVIDIA Supercharges Ethernet Networking for Generative AI
Spectrum-X Adopted by Cloud Service Providers, GPU Cloud Providers and Enterprises; Broad System-Maker Support Extends NVIDIA Networking’s Reach to Every Market
NVIDIA today announced widespread adoption of the NVIDIA Spectrum™-X Ethernet networking platform as well as an accelerated product release schedule.

June 02, 2024
Putting More Tech to the Test, NVIDIA Certifies New Categories of Gen AI-Ready Systems
Fueled by generative AI, enterprises globally are creating “AI factories,” where data comes in and intelligence comes out. Critical to this movement are validated systems and reference architectures that reduce the risk and time involved in ...

June 02, 2024
Leading Medical Centers in Taiwan Adopt NVIDIA Accelerated Computing to Advance Biomedical Research
Taiwan’s leading medical centers — the National Health Research Institute (NHRI) and Chang Gung Memorial Hospital (CGMH) — are set to advance biomedical research and healthcare for patients. The centers are embracing accelerated computing and ...

June 02, 2024
Gen AI Healthcare Accelerated: Dozens of Companies Adopt Meta Llama 3 NIM
Meta Llama 3, Meta’s openly available state-of-the-art large language model — trained and optimized using NVIDIA accelerated computing — is dramatically boosting healthcare and life sciences workflows, helping deliver applications that aim to ...

June 02, 2024
NVIDIA NIM Revolutionizes Model Deployment, Now Available to Transform World’s Millions of Developers Into Generative AI Developers
NVIDIA today announced that the world’s 28 million developers can now download NVIDIA NIM™ — inference microservices that provide models as optimized containers — to deploy on clouds, data centers or workstations, giving them the ability to easily ...

June 02, 2024
NVIDIA Releases Digital Human Microservices, Paving Way for Future of Generative AI Avatars
NVIDIA ACE Now Generally Available for Cloud, in Early Access for RTX AI PCs, in Use by Companies Across Customer Service, Gaming and Healthcare, Including Dell Technologies, ServiceNow, Aww Inc., Inventec, Perfect World Games
NVIDIA today announced the general availability of NVIDIA ACE generative AI microservices to accelerate the next wave of digital humans, as well as new generative AI breakthroughs coming soon to the platform.

June 02, 2024
Power Tool: Generative AI Tracks Typhoons, Tames Energy Use
Weather forecasters in Taiwan had their hair blown back when they saw a typhoon up close, created on a computer that slashed the time and energy needed for the job. It’s a reaction that users in many fields are feeling as generative AI shows them ...

June 01, 2024
‘Create a Data Flywheel With AI,’ NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang Tells Attendees at Snowflake Summit
AI gives every company an opportunity to turn its processes into a data flywheel, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang told thousands of attendees Monday at the Snowflake Data Cloud Summit. Companies need to “take all the most important processes ...

May 31, 2024
NVIDIA Grace Hopper Superchip Accelerates Murex MX.3 Analytics Performance, Reduces Power Consumption
After the 2008 financial crisis and increased risk-management regulations that followed, Pierre Spatz anticipated banks would focus on reducing computing expenses. As head of quantitative research at Murex, a trading and risk management software ...

June 04, 2024
NVIDIA and Cisco Weave Fabric for Generative AI
Building and deploying AI applications at scale requires a new class of computing infrastructure — one that can handle the massive amounts of data, compute power and networking bandwidth needed by generative AI models. To better ensure these models ...

June 03, 2024
Digital Bank Debunks Financial Fraud With Generative AI
European neobank bunq is debunking financial fraudsters with the help of NVIDIA accelerated computing and AI. Dubbed “the bank of the free,” bunq offers online banking anytime, anywhere. Through the bunq app, users can handle all their financial ...

June 02, 2024
‘Accelerate Everything,’ NVIDIA CEO Says Ahead of COMPUTEX
“Generative AI is reshaping industries and opening new opportunities for innovation and growth,” NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang said in an address ahead of this week’s COMPUTEX technology conference in Taipei. “Today, we’re at the cusp of a ...

June 02, 2024
KServe Providers Dish Up NIMble Inference in Clouds and Data Centers
Deploying generative AI in the enterprise is about to get easier than ever. NVIDIA NIM, a set of generative AI inference microservices, will work with KServe, open-source software that automates putting AI models to work at the scale of a cloud ...

June 02, 2024
Taiwan Electronics Giants Drive Industrial Automation With NVIDIA Metropolis and NIM
Taiwan’s leading consumer electronics giants are making advances with AI automation for manufacturing, as fleets of robots and millions of cameras and sensors drive efficiencies across the smart factories of the future. Dozens of electronics ...

June 02, 2024
Foxconn Trains Robots, Streamlines Assembly With NVIDIA AI and Omniverse
Foxconn operates more than 170 factories around the world — the latest one a virtual plant pushing the state of the art in industrial automation. It’s the digital twin of a new factory in Guadalajara, hub of Mexico’s electronics industry. Foxconn’s ...

June 02, 2024
NVIDIA Enables Real-Time Healthcare, Industrial and Scientific AI Applications at the Edge With Enterprise Software Support for NVIDIA IGX With Holoscan
Medtronic, SETI Institute, Manufacturing Leaders and More Build NVIDIA IGX Systems to Supercharge AI at the Industrial Edge
To address the increasing need for real-time AI computing at the industrial edge, NVIDIA today announced the general software availability of NVIDIA AI Enterprise-IGX with NVIDIA Holoscan on the NVIDIA IGX™ platform. Together, they empower solution ...

June 02, 2024
NVIDIA Robotics Adopted by Industry Leaders for Development of Tens of Millions of AI-Powered Autonomous Machines
BYD Electronics, Siemens, Teradyne Robotics and Intrinsic, an Alphabet Company, Using NVIDIA Isaac Robotics Platform for Autonomous Robot Arms, Humanoids, Mobile Robots
NVIDIA today announced that the world’s leaders in robot development are adopting the NVIDIA Isaac™ robotics platform for the research, development and production of the next generation of AI-enabled autonomous machines and robots.

June 02, 2024
Robotic Factories Supercharge Industrial Digitalization as Electronic Makers Adopt NVIDIA AI and Omniverse
NVIDIA Omniverse, Isaac and Metropolis Enable Delta Electronics, Foxconn, Pegatron, Wistron to Digitally Build, Simulate and Operate Factory Digital Twins
NVIDIA today announced that major Taiwanese electronics makers are using the company’s technology to transform their factories into more autonomous facilities with a new reference workflow. The workflow combines NVIDIA Metropolis vision AI, NVIDIA ...

June 02, 2024
NVIDIA Brings AI Assistants to Life With GeForce RTX AI PCs
Project G-Assist, NVIDIA ACE NIMs for Digital Humans, and Generative AI Tools Deliver Advanced AI Experiences on RTX Laptops; Plus, RTX-Accelerated APIs for Small Language Models Coming to Windows Copilot Runtime
NVIDIA today announced new NVIDIA RTX™ technology to power AI assistants and digital humans running on new GeForce RTX™ AI laptops.

June 12, 2024
NVIDIA Stockholder Meeting Set for June 26; Individuals Can Participate Online
SANTA CLARA, Calif., June 12, 2024 -- NVIDIA today announced it will hold its 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders online on Wednesday, June 26, at 9 a.m. PT. The meeting will ...

June 12, 2024
Every Company’s Data is Their ‘Gold Mine,’ NVIDIA CEO Says at Databricks Data + AI Summit
Accelerated computing is transforming data processing and analytics for enterprises, declared NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang Wednesday during an on-stage chat with Databricks cofounder and CEO Ali Ghodsi at the Databricks Data + AI Summit 2024. ...

June 12, 2024
Scaling to New Heights: NVIDIA MLPerf Training Results Showcase Unprecedented Performance and Elasticity
The full-stack NVIDIA accelerated computing platform has once again demonstrated exceptional performance in the latest MLPerf Training v4.0 benchmarks. NVIDIA more than tripled the performance on the large language model (LLM) benchmark, based on ...

June 12, 2024
TOPS of the Class: Decoding AI Performance on RTX AI PCs and Workstations
The era of the AI PC is here, and it’s powered by NVIDIA RTX and GeForce RTX technologies.

June 12, 2024
Nerding About NeRFs: How Neural Radiance Fields Transform 2D Images Into Hyperrealistic 3D Models
Let’s talk about NeRFs — no, not the neon-colored foam dart blasters, but neural radiance fields, a technology that might just change the nature of images forever. In this episode of NVIDIA’s AI Podcast recorded live at GTC, host Noah Kravitz speaks ...

June 07, 2024
Why Accelerated Data Processing Is Crucial for AI Innovation in Every Industry
Across industries, AI is supercharging innovation with machine-powered computation. In finance, bankers are using AI to detect fraud more quickly and keep accounts safe, telecommunications providers are improving networks to deliver superior ...

June 06, 2024
Here Comes a New Challenger: ‘Street Fighter 6’ Joins GeForce NOW
Capcom’s latest entry in the iconic Street Fighter series, Street Fighter 6, punches its way into the cloud this GFN Thursday. The game, along with Ubisoft’s XDefiant, leads six new games joining the GeForce NOW library. A new reward makes its way ...

June 05, 2024
Creativity Accelerated: New RTX-Powered AI Hardware and Software Announced at COMPUTEX
NVIDIA launched NVIDIA Studio at COMPUTEX in 2019. Five years and more than 500 NVIDIA RTX-accelerated apps and games later, it’s bringing AI to even more creators with an array of new RTX technology integrations announced this week at COMPUTEX 2024.

June 05, 2024
Yotta CEO Sunil Gupta on Supercharging India’s Fast-Growing AI Market
India’s AI market is expected to be massive. Yotta Data Services is setting its sights on supercharging it. In this episode of NVIDIA’s AI Podcast, Sunil Gupta, cofounder, managing director and CEO of Yotta Data Services, speaks with host Noah ...

June 04, 2024
SAP and NVIDIA Create AI for ‘The Most Valuable Language,’ CEOs Unveil at Sapphire Orlando
German enterprise cloud leader SAP is harnessing generative AI and industrial digital twins in the development of next-generation enterprise applications for its customers. At SAP’s Sapphire event today, in Orlando, Florida, NVIDIA and the ...

June 18, 2024
Light Bulb Moment: NVIDIA CEO Sees Bright Future for AI-Powered Electric Grid
The electric grid and the utilities managing it have an important role to play in the next industrial revolution that’s being driven by AI and accelerated computing, said NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang Monday at the annual meeting of the Edison ...

June 18, 2024
Hewlett Packard Enterprise and NVIDIA Announce ‘NVIDIA AI Computing by HPE’ to Accelerate Generative AI Industrial Revolution
New Lineup Features First-of-Its-Kind Turnkey, Private-Cloud AI Solution Including Sustainable Accelerated Computing with Full Lifecycle Services to Streamline Time to Value with AI
Hewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE: HPE) and NVIDIA today announced NVIDIA AI Computing by HPE, a portfolio of co-developed AI solutions and joint go-to-market integrations that enable enterprises to accelerate adoption of generative AI.

June 17, 2024
Seamless in Seattle: NVIDIA Research Showcases Advancements in Visual Generative AI at CVPR
NVIDIA researchers are at the forefront of the rapidly advancing field of visual generative AI, developing new techniques to create and interpret images, videos and 3D environments. More than 50 of these projects will be showcased at the Computer ...

June 17, 2024
NVIDIA Research Wins CVPR Autonomous Grand Challenge for End-to-End Driving
Making moves to accelerate self-driving car development, NVIDIA was today named an Autonomous Grand Challenge winner at the Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR) conference, running this week in Seattle. Building on last year’s win in 3D ...

June 17, 2024
NVIDIA Advances Physical AI at CVPR With Largest Indoor Synthetic Dataset
NVIDIA contributed the largest ever indoor synthetic dataset to the Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR) conference’s annual AI City Challenge — helping researchers and developers advance the development of solutions for smart cities and ...

June 17, 2024
NVIDIA Announces Omniverse Microservices to Supercharge Physical AI
NVIDIA Omniverse Cloud Sensor RTX Generates Synthetic Data to Speed AI Development of Autonomous Vehicles, Robotic Arms, Mobile Robots, Humanoids and Smart Spaces
NVIDIA today announced NVIDIA Omniverse Cloud Sensor RTX™, a set of microservices that enable physically accurate sensor simulation to accelerate the development of fully autonomous machines of every kind.

June 15, 2024
‘Believe in Something Unconventional, Something Unexplored,’ NVIDIA CEO Tells Caltech Grads
NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang on Friday encouraged Caltech graduates to pursue their craft with dedication and resilience — and to view setbacks as new opportunities. “I hope you believe in something. Something unconventional, something ...

June 14, 2024
NVIDIA Releases Open Synthetic Data Generation Pipeline for Training Large Language Models
NVIDIA today announced Nemotron-4 340B, a family of open models that developers can use to generate synthetic data for training large language models (LLMs) for commercial applications across healthcare, finance, manufacturing, retail and every ...

June 14, 2024
‘The Proudest Refugee’: How Veronica Miller Charts Her Own Path at NVIDIA
When she was five years old, Veronica Miller (née Teklai) and her family left their homeland of Eritrea, in the Horn of Africa, to escape an ongoing war with Ethiopia and create a new life in the U.S. She grew up in East Orange, New Jersey, watching ...

June 13, 2024
Cloud Ahoy! Treasure Awaits With ‘Sea of Thieves’ on GeForce NOW
Set sail for adventure, pirates. Sea of Thieves makes waves in the cloud this week. It’s an adventure-filled GFN Thursday with four new games joining the GeForce NOW library. Plus, members are sharing their favorite locations they can access from ...

July 03, 2024
Decoding How the Generative AI Revolution BeGAN
Generative models have completely transformed the AI landscape — headlined by popular apps such as ChatGPT and Stable Diffusion.

June 28, 2024
How an NVIDIA Engineer Unplugs to Recharge During Free Days
On a weekday afternoon, Ashwini Ashtankar sat on the bank of the Doodhpathri River, in a valley nestled in the Himalayas. Taking a deep breath, she noticed that there was no city noise, no pollution — and no work emails. Ashtankar, a senior tools ...

June 27, 2024
GeForce NOW Unleashes High-Stakes Horror With ‘Resident Evil Village’
Get ready to feel some chills, even amid the summer heat. Capcom’s award-winning Resident Evil Village brings a touch of horror to the cloud this GFN Thursday, part of three new games joining GeForce NOW this week. And a new app update brings a ...

June 27, 2024
Into the Omniverse: SyncTwin Helps Democratize Industrial Digital Twins With Generative AI, OpenUSD
SyncTwin’s application enables teams to optimize industrial efficiency while enhancing sustainability across manufacturing processes.

June 26, 2024
Thinking Outside the Blox: How Roblox Is Using Generative AI to Enhance User Experiences
Roblox is a colorful online platform that aims to reimagine the way that people come together — now that vision is being augmented by generative AI. In this episode of NVIDIA’s AI Podcast, host Noah Kravitz speaks with Anupam Singh, vice president ...

June 26, 2024
Cut the Noise: NVIDIA Broadcast Supercharges Livestreaming, Remote Work
NVIDIA Broadcast offers AI-powered features that improve audio and video quality for a variety of use cases.

June 25, 2024
EvolutionaryScale Debuts With ESM3 Generative AI Model for Protein Design
Generative AI has revolutionized software development with prompt-based code generation — protein design is next. EvolutionaryScale today announced the release of its ESM3 model, the third-generation ESM model, which simultaneously reasons over the ...

June 24, 2024
Why 3D Visualization Holds Key to Future Chip Designs
Multi-die chips, known as three-dimensional integrated circuits, or 3D-ICs, represent a revolutionary step in semiconductor design. The chips are vertically stacked to create a compact structure that boosts performance without increasing power ...

June 20, 2024
Crack the Case With ‘Tell Me Why’ and ‘As Dusk Falls’ on GeForce NOW
Sit back and settle in for some epic storytelling. Tell Me Why and As Dusk Falls — award-winning, narrative-driven games from Xbox Studios — add to the 1,900+ games in the GeForce NOW library, ready to stream from the cloud. Members can find more ...

June 19, 2024
Decoding How NVIDIA AI Workbench Powers App Development
NVIDIA AI Workbench simplifies AI developer workflows by helping users build their own RAG projects, customize models and more.

July 16, 2024
Next-Gen Video Editing: Wondershare Filmora Adds NVIDIA RTX Video HDR Support, RTX-Accelerated AI Features
Wondershare Filmora — a video editing app with AI-powered tools — now supports NVIDIA RTX Video HDR, joining editing software like Blackmagic Design’s DaVinci Resolve and Cyberlink PowerDirector.

July 15, 2024
Jensen Huang, Mark Zuckerberg to Discuss Future of Graphics and Virtual Worlds at SIGGRAPH 2024
NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang and Meta founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg will hold a public fireside chat on Monday, July 29, at the 50th edition of the SIGGRAPH graphics conference in Denver. The two leaders will discuss the future of AI and ...

July 12, 2024
Mile-High AI: NVIDIA Research to Present Advancements in Simulation and Gen AI at SIGGRAPH
NVIDIA is taking an array of advancements in rendering, simulation and generative AI to SIGGRAPH 2024, the premier computer graphics conference, which will take place July 28 – Aug. 1 in Denver. More than 20 papers from NVIDIA Research introduce ...

July 11, 2024
‘Once Human,’ Twice the Thrills on GeForce NOW
Unlock new experiences every GFN Thursday. Whether post-apocalyptic survival adventures, narrative-driven games or vast, open worlds, GeForce NOW always has something fresh for members to explore. This week, GeForce NOW brings the survival game Once ...

July 11, 2024
Japan Enhances AI Sovereignty With Advanced ABCI 3.0 Supercomputer
AIST, one of the country’s largest public research organizations, to bolster its capabilities with a new AI supercomputer built by Hewlett-Packard Enterprise (HPE) and powered by thousands of NVIDIA H200 GPUs and NVIDIA Quantum-2 InfiniBand.
Enhancing Japan’s AI sovereignty and strengthening its research and development capabilities, Japan’s National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST) will integrate...

July 10, 2024
Paige Cofounder Thomas Fuchs’ Diagnosis on Improving Cancer Patient Outcomes With AI
Improved cancer diagnostics — and improved patient outcomes — could be among the changes generative AI will bring to the healthcare industry, thanks to Paige, the first company with an FDA-approved tool for cancer diagnosis. In this episode of ...

July 10, 2024
Mission NIMpossible: Decoding the Microservices That Accelerate Generative AI
In the rapidly evolving world of artificial intelligence, generative AI is captivating imaginations and transforming industries.

July 09, 2024
Widescreen Wonder: Las Vegas Sphere Delivers Dazzling Displays
Sphere, a new kind of entertainment medium in Las Vegas, is joining the ranks of legendary circular performance spaces such as the Roman Colosseum and Shakespeare’s Globe Theater — captivating audiences with eye-popping LED displays that cover ...

July 08, 2024
In It for the Long Haul: Waabi Pioneers Generative AI to Unleash Fully Driverless Autonomous Trucking
Artificial intelligence is transforming the transportation industry, helping drive advances in autonomous vehicle (AV) technology. Waabi, a Toronto-based startup, is embracing generative AI to deliver self-driving vehicles at scale — starting with ...

July 04, 2024
GeForce NOW Beats the Heat With 22 New Games in July
GeForce NOW is bringing 22 new games to members this month. Dive into the four titles available to stream on the cloud gaming service this week to stay cool and entertained throughout the summer — whether poolside, on a long road trip or in the ...

July 23, 2024
How NVIDIA AI Foundry Lets Enterprises Forge Custom Generative AI Models
Businesses seeking to harness the power of AI need customized models tailored to their specific industry needs. NVIDIA AI Foundry is a service that enables enterprises to use data, accelerated computing and software tools to create and deploy custom ...

July 23, 2024
AI, Go Fetch! New NVIDIA NeMo Retriever Microservices Boost LLM Accuracy and Throughput
Generative AI applications have little, or sometimes negative, value without accuracy — and accuracy is rooted in data. To help developers efficiently fetch the best proprietary data to generate knowledgeable responses for their AI applications, ...

July 23, 2024
NVIDIA AI Foundry Builds Custom Llama 3.1 Generative AI Models for the World’s Enterprises
NVIDIA today announced a new NVIDIA AI Foundry service and NVIDIA NIM™ inference microservices to supercharge generative AI for the world’s enterprises with the Llama 3.1 collection of openly available models, also introduced today.

July 22, 2024
NVIDIA’s AI Masters Sweep KDD Cup 2024 Data Science Competition
Team NVIDIA has triumphed at the Amazon KDD Cup 2024, securing first place Friday across all five competition tracks. The team — consisting of NVIDIANs Ahmet Erdem, Benedikt Schifferer, Chris Deotte, Gilberto Titericz, Ivan Sorokin and Simon Jegou — ...

July 22, 2024
Sustainable Strides: How AI and Accelerated Computing Are Driving Energy Efficiency
AI and accelerated computing — twin engines NVIDIA continuously improves — are delivering energy efficiency for many industries. It’s progress the wider community is starting to acknowledge. “Even if the predictions that data centers will soon ...

July 19, 2024
Byte-Sized Courses: NVIDIA Offers Self-Paced Career Development in AI and Data Science
AI has seen unprecedented growth — spurring the need for new training and education resources for students and industry professionals. NVIDIA’s latest on-demand webinar, Essential Training and Tips to Accelerate Your Career in AI, featured a panel ...

July 19, 2024
Magnetic Marvels: NVIDIA’s Supercomputers Spin a Quantum Tale
Groundbreaking research underlines NVIDIA’s critical role in advancing quantum computing.

July 18, 2024
Mistral AI and NVIDIA Unveil Mistral NeMo 12B, a Cutting-Edge Enterprise AI Model
Mistral AI and NVIDIA today released a new state-of-the-art language model, Mistral NeMo 12B, that developers can easily customize and deploy for enterprise applications supporting chatbots, multilingual tasks, coding and summarization. By combining ...

July 18, 2024
Hot Deal, Cool Prices: GeForce NOW Summer Sale Offers Priority and Ultimate Memberships Half Off
It’s time for a sweet treat — the GeForce NOW Summer Sale offers high-performance cloud gaming at half off for a limited time. And starting today, gamers can directly access supported PC games on GeForce NOW via Xbox.com game pages, enabling them to ...

July 17, 2024
Decoding How AI-Powered Upscaling on NVIDIA RTX Improves Video Quality
Video is everywhere — nearly 80% of internet bandwidth today is used to stream video from content providers and social networks.

July 29, 2024
NVIDIA Supercharges Digital Marketing With Greater Control Over Generative AI
The world’s brands and agencies are using generative AI to create advertising and marketing content, but it doesn’t always provide the desired outputs. NVIDIA offers a comprehensive set of technologies — bringing together generative AI, NVIDIA NIM ...

July 29, 2024
New NVIDIA Digital Human Technologies Enhance Customer Interactions Across Industries
Generative AI is unlocking new ways for enterprises to engage customers through digital human avatars. At SIGGRAPH, NVIDIA previewed James, an interactive digital human that can connect with people using emotions, humor and more. James is based on a ...

July 29, 2024
Hugging Face Offers Developers Inference-as-a-Service Powered by NVIDIA NIM
One of the world’s largest AI communities — comprising 4 million developers on the Hugging Face platform — is gaining easy access to NVIDIA-accelerated inference on some of the most popular AI models. New inference-as-a-service capabilities will ...

July 29, 2024
AI Gets Physical: New NVIDIA NIM Microservices Bring Generative AI to Digital Environments
Millions of people already use generative AI to assist in writing and learning. Now, the technology can also help them more effectively navigate the physical world. NVIDIA announced at SIGGRAPH generative physical AI advancements including the ...

July 29, 2024
For Your Edification: Shutterstock Releases Generative 3D, Getty Images Upgrades Service Powered by NVIDIA
Designers and artists have new and improved ways to boost their productivity with generative AI trained on licensed data. Shutterstock, a leading platform for creative content, launched its Generative 3D service in commercial beta. It lets creators ...

July 29, 2024
NVIDIA Announces Generative AI Models and NIM Microservices for OpenUSD Language, Geometry, Physics and Materials
New Services Accelerate Universal Scene Description-Based Workflows and Development of Industrial Digital Twins and Robotics
SIGGRAPH—NVIDIA today announced major advancements to Universal Scene Description, or OpenUSD, that will expand adoption of the universal 3D data interchange framework to robotics, industrial design and engineering, and accelerate developers’ ...

July 29, 2024
NVIDIA Accelerates Humanoid Robotics Development
Developers Gain Access to New NVIDIA NIM Microservices for Robotics Simulation in Isaac Lab and Isaac Sim, OSMO Robot Cloud Compute Orchestration Service, Teleoperated Data Capture Workflow and More
To accelerate humanoid development on a global scale, NVIDIA today announced it is providing the world’s leading robot manufacturers, AI model developers and software makers with a suite of services, models and computing platforms to develop, train ...

July 25, 2024
Unleash the Dragonborn: ‘Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Special Edition’ Joins GeForce NOW
“Hey, you. You’re finally awake.” It’s the summer of Elder Scrolls — whether a seasoned Dragonborn or a new adventurer, dive into the legendary world of Tamriel this GFN Thursday as The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Special Edition joins the cloud. Epic ...

July 24, 2024
Demystifying AI-Assisted Artistry With Adobe Apps Using NVIDIA RTX
Adobe Creative Cloud applications, which tap NVIDIA RTX GPUs, are designed to enhance the creativity of users, empowering them to work faster and focus on their craft.

July 24, 2024
How Georgia Tech’s AI Makerspace Is Preparing the Future Workforce for AI
AI is set to transform the workforce — and the Georgia Institute of Technology’s new AI Makerspace is helping tens of thousands of students get ahead of the curve. In this episode of NVIDIA’s AI Podcast, host Noah Kravitz speaks with Arijit ...

August 01, 2024
August Adventures Await: 18 New Games Coming to GeForce NOW
Members can choose their own adventure with GeForce NOW bringing 18 new games to the cloud in August — including Square Enix’s fantasy role-playing game Visions of Mana when it launches on PC Thursday, Aug. 29. From cozy games to thrilling battles, ...

July 31, 2024
NVIDIA Sets Conference Call for Second-Quarter Financial Results
CFO Commentary to Be Provided in Writing Ahead of Call
NVIDIA will host a conference call on Wednesday, August 28, at 2 p.m. PT (5 p.m. ET) to discuss its financial results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2025, which ended July 28, 2024.

July 31, 2024
NVIDIA and Zoox Pave the Way for Autonomous Ride-Hailing
In celebration of Zoox’s 10th anniversary, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang recently joined the robotaxi company’s CEO, Aicha Evans, and its cofounder and CTO, Jesse Levinson, to discuss the latest in autonomous vehicle (AV) innovation and ...

July 31, 2024
NVIDIA Researchers Harness Real-Time Gen AI to Build Immersive Desert World
NVIDIA researchers used NVIDIA Edify, a multimodal architecture for visual generative AI, to build a detailed 3D desert landscape within a few minutes in a live demo at SIGGRAPH’s Real-Time Live event on Tuesday. During the event — one of the ...

July 31, 2024
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Expands NVIDIA GPU-Accelerated Instances for AI, Digital Twins and More
Enterprises are rapidly adopting generative AI, large language models (LLMs), advanced graphics and digital twins to increase operational efficiencies, reduce costs and drive innovation. However, to adopt these technologies effectively, enterprises ...

July 31, 2024
Taking AI to Warp Speed: Decoding How NVIDIA’s Latest RTX-Powered Tools and Apps Help Developers Accelerate AI on PCs and Workstations
NVIDIA is spotlighting the latest NVIDIA RTX-powered tools and apps at SIGGRAPH, an annual trade show at the intersection of graphics and AI.

July 29, 2024
Creators To Have Personalized AI Assistants, Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg Tells NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang
In a highly anticipated fireside chat at SIGGRAPH 2024, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang and Meta founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg discussed the transformative potential of open source AI and AI assistants. Zuckerberg kicked off the discussion by ...

July 29, 2024
‘Everybody Will Have an AI Assistant,’ NVIDIA CEO Tells SIGGRAPH Audience
The generative AI revolution — with deep roots in visual computing — is amplifying human creativity even as accelerated computing promises significant gains in energy efficiency, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang said Monday. That makes this ...

July 29, 2024
Recipe for Magic: WPP and NVIDIA Omniverse Help The Coca-Cola Company Scale Generative AI Content That Pops With Brand Authenticity
When The Coca-Cola Company produces thirst-quenching marketing, the creative elements of campaigns aren’t just left to chance — there’s a recipe for the magic. Now, the beverage company, through its partnership with WPP Open X, is beginning to scale ...

July 29, 2024
Reality Reimagined: NVIDIA Introduces fVDB to Build Bigger Digital Models of the World
NVIDIA announced at SIGGRAPH fVDB, a new deep-learning framework for generating AI-ready virtual representations of the real world. fVDB is built on top of OpenVDB, the industry-standard library for simulating and rendering sparse volumetric data ...

August 15, 2024
GeForce NOW and CurseForge Bring Mod Support to ‘World of Warcraft: The War Within’ in the Cloud
Time to be wowed: GeForce NOW members can now stream World of Warcraft on supported devices with in-game mods powered by the CurseForge platform for WoW customization. With support for top mods, even the most hardcore raid leaders can play like a ...

August 14, 2024
Decoding NVIDIA Edify — The Technology That Helps Developers Create Custom Models Trained on Their Data
NVIDIA AI Foundry helps companies train generative AI models on their own licensed data using NVIDIA Edify, a multimodal AI architecture that can use simple text prompts to generate images, videos, 3D assets and more.

August 13, 2024
Applications Now Open for $60,000 NVIDIA Graduate Fellowship Awards
Bringing together the world’s brightest minds and the latest accelerated computing technology leads to powerful breakthroughs that help tackle some of the biggest research problems. To foster such innovation, the NVIDIA Graduate Fellowship Program ...

August 09, 2024
Golden Opportunities: California to Train Students, Educators in AI
The State of California today announced a first-of-its-kind AI education initiative with NVIDIA. The public-private collaboration supports the state’s goals in workforce training and economic development by giving universities, community colleges ...

August 08, 2024
Figure Unveils Next-Gen Conversational Humanoid Robot With 3x AI Computing for Fully Autonomous Tasks
Silicon Valley’s Figure has taken the wraps off of its next-generation Figure 02 conversational humanoid robot that taps into NVIDIA Omniverse and NVIDIA GPUs for fully autonomous tasks. Figure said it recently tested Figure 02 for data collection ...

August 08, 2024
GeForce NOW Celebrates 2,000 Games in the Cloud
This GFN Thursday marks 2,000 games in the GeForce NOW library, with five new games joining this week, alongside a demo for Square Enix’s Visions of Mana and a new reward for members playing Elder Scrolls Online. From epic role-playing games (RPGs) ...

August 07, 2024
Recursion CEO Chris Gibson on Accelerating the Biopharmaceutical Industry With AI
Techbio is a field combining data, technology and biology to enhance scientific processes — and AI has the potential to supercharge the biopharmaceutical industry further. In this episode of NVIDIA’s AI Podcast, host Noah Kravitz speaks with Chris ...

August 07, 2024
Problem Solved: STEM Studies Supercharged With RTX and AI Technologies
To prepare students for the future job market, NVIDIA has worked with top universities to develop a GPU-accelerated AI curriculum that’s now taught in more than 5,000 schools globally.

August 06, 2024
Meet the Maker: High School Student Develops Robot Guide Dogs With NVIDIA Jetson
High school student Selin Alara Ornek is looking ahead — using machine learning and the NVIDIA Jetson platform for edge AI and robotics to create robot guide dogs for the visually impaired. The project, called IC4U, is one of seven robots Ornek has ...

August 06, 2024
Editor’s Paradise: NVIDIA RTX-Powered Video Software CyberLink PowerDirector Gains High-Efficiency Video Coding Upgrades
RTX-powered video editing app CyberLink PowerDirector now has a setting for high-efficiency video encoding (HEVC).

August 22, 2024
Straight Out of Gamescom and Into Xbox PC Games, GeForce NOW Newly Supports Automatic Xbox Sign-In
Straight out of Gamescom, NVIDIA introduced GeForce NOW support for Xbox automatic sign-in, as well as Black Myth: Wukong from Game Science and a demo for the PC launch of FINAL FANTASY XVI from Square Enix — all available in the cloud today. There ...

August 21, 2024
Lightweight Champ: NVIDIA Releases Small Language Model With State-of-the-Art Accuracy
Developers of generative AI typically face a tradeoff between model size and accuracy. But a new language model released by NVIDIA delivers the best of both, providing state-of-the-art accuracy in a compact form factor. Mistral-NeMo-Minitron 8B — a ...

August 21, 2024
SLMming Down Latency: How NVIDIA’s First On-Device Small Language Model Makes Digital Humans More Lifelike
At Gamescom this week, NVIDIA announced that NVIDIA ACE — a suite of technologies for bringing digital humans to life with generative AI — now includes the company’s first on-device small language model (SLM), powered locally by RTX AI.

August 21, 2024
How Snowflake Is Unlocking the Value of Data With Large Language Models
Snowflake is using AI to help enterprises transform data into insights and applications. In this episode of NVIDIA’s AI Podcast, host Noah Kravitz and Baris Gultekin, head of AI at Snowflake, discuss how the company’s AI Data Cloud platform enables ...

August 20, 2024
High-Tech Highways: India Uses NVIDIA Accelerated Computing to Ease Tollbooth Traffic
India is home to the globe’s second-largest road network, spanning nearly 4 million miles, and has over a thousand tollbooths, most of them run manually. Traditional booths like these, wherever in the world they’re deployed, can contribute to ...

August 20, 2024
NVIDIA Showcases New AI Capabilities With ACE, RTX Games and More at Gamescom 2024
At Gamescom, the world’s biggest gaming expo, NVIDIA has once again pushed the boundaries of gaming technology to ensure that gamers have incredibly immersive experiences and can enjoy enhanced performance and visual fidelity. The company’s ...

August 20, 2024
At Gamescom 2024, GeForce NOW Brings ‘Black Myth: Wukong’ and ‘FINAL FANTASY XVI Demo’ to the Cloud
Each week, GeForce NOW elevates cloud gaming by bringing top PC games and new updates to the cloud. Starting today, members can stream the highly anticipated action role-playing game (RPG) Black Myth: Wukong from Game Science, as well as a demo for ...

August 20, 2024
NVIDIA Announces First Digital Human Technologies On-Device Small Language Model, Improving Conversation for Game Characters
NVIDIA’s first digital human technology small language model is being demonstrated in Mecha BREAK, a new multiplayer mech game developed by Amazing Seasun Games, to bring its characters to life and provide a more dynamic and immersive gameplay ...

August 20, 2024
Level Up: NVIDIA, MediaTek to Bring G-SYNC Display Technologies to More Gamers
New collaboration integrates G-SYNC technologies into MediaTek scalers, enhancing gaming monitors’ capabilities and broadening availability.

August 19, 2024
AI Chases the Storm: New NVIDIA Research Boosts Weather Prediction, Climate Simulation
As hurricanes, tornadoes and other extreme weather events occur with increased frequency and severity, it’s more important than ever to improve and accelerate climate research and prediction using the latest technologies. Amid peaks in the current ...
Read BlogAugust 29, 2024
Crystal-Clear Gaming: ‘Visions of Mana’ Sharpens on GeForce NOW
It’s time to mana-fest the spirit of adventure with Square Enix’s highly anticipated action role-playing game, Visions of Mana, launching today in the cloud. Members can also head to a galaxy far, far away, from the comfort of their homes, with the ...

August 28, 2024
NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Second Quarter Fiscal 2025
NVIDIA today reported revenue for the second quarter ended July 28, 2024, of $30.0 billion, up 15% from the previous quarter and up 122% from a year ago.

August 28, 2024
NVIDIA Blackwell Sets New Standard for Generative AI in MLPerf Inference Debut
As enterprises race to adopt generative AI and bring new services to market, the demands on data center infrastructure have never been greater. Training large language models is one challenge, but delivering LLM-powered real-time services is ...

August 28, 2024
More Than Fine: Multi-LoRA Support Now Available in NVIDIA RTX AI Toolkit
Large language models are driving some of the most exciting developments in AI with their ability to quickly understand, summarize and generate text-based content.

August 27, 2024
Better Molecules, Faster: NVIDIA NIM Agent Blueprint Redefines Hit Identification With Generative AI-Based Virtual Screening
Aiming at making the process faster and smarter, NVIDIA on Wednesday released the NIM Agent Blueprint for generative AI-based virtual screening. This innovative approach will reduce the time and cost of developing life-saving drugs, enabling quicker ...

August 27, 2024
From Prototype to Prompt: NVIDIA NIM Agent Blueprints Fast-Forward Next Wave of Enterprise Generative AI
The initial wave of generative AI was driven by its use in internet services that showed incredible new possibilities with tools that could help people write, research and imagine faster than ever. The second wave of generative AI is now here, ...

August 27, 2024
NVIDIA and Global Partners Launch NIM Agent Blueprints for Enterprises to Make Their Own AI
NVIDIA today announced NVIDIA NIM™ Agent Blueprints, a catalog of pretrained, customizable AI workflows that equip millions of enterprise developers with a full suite of software for building and deploying generative AI applications for canonical ...

August 26, 2024
NVIDIA Launches NIM Microservices for Generative AI in Japan, Taiwan
Nations around the world are pursuing sovereign AI to produce artificial intelligence using their own computing infrastructure, data, workforce and business networks to ensure AI systems align with local values, laws and interests. In support of ...

August 26, 2024
NVIDIA Launches Array of New CUDA Libraries to Expand Accelerated Computing and Deliver Order-of-Magnitude Speedup to Science and Industrial Applications
News summary: New libraries in accelerated computing deliver order-of-magnitude speedups and reduce energy consumption and costs in data processing, generative AI, recommender systems, AI data curation, data processing, 6G research, AI-physics and ...

August 23, 2024
NVIDIA to Present Innovations at Hot Chips That Boost Data Center Performance and Energy Efficiency
A deep technology conference for processor and system architects from industry and academia has become a key forum for the trillion-dollar data center computing market. At Hot Chips 2024 next week, senior NVIDIA engineers will present the latest ...

September 09, 2024
Live Media Reimagined: NVIDIA Holoscan for Media Now Available for Production
Companies in broadcast, sports and streaming are transitioning to software-defined infrastructure to benefit from flexible deployment and to more easily adopt the latest AI technologies. NVIDIA Holoscan for Media, now in limited availability, is an ...

September 06, 2024
How AI Is Personalizing Customer Service Experiences Across Industries
Customer service departments across industries are facing increased call volumes, high customer service agent turnover, talent shortages and shifting customer expectations. Customers expect both self-help options and real-time, person-to-person ...

September 05, 2024
Three Ways to Ride the Flywheel of Cybersecurity AI
The business transformations that generative AI brings come with risks that AI itself can help secure in a kind of flywheel of progress. Companies who were quick to embrace the open internet more than 20 years ago were among the first to reap its ...

September 05, 2024
19 New Games to Drop for GeForce NOW in September
Fall will be here soon, so leaf it to GeForce NOW to bring the games, with 19 joining the cloud in September. Get started with the seven games available to stream this week, and a day one PC Game Pass title, Age of Mythology: Retold, from the ...

September 04, 2024
Volvo Cars EX90 SUV Rolls Out, Built on NVIDIA Accelerated Computing and AI
Volvo Cars’ new, fully electric EX90 is making its way from the automaker’s assembly line in Charleston, South Carolina, to dealerships around the U.S. To ensure its customers benefit from future improvements and advanced safety features and ...

September 04, 2024
Manufacturing Intelligence: Deltia AI Delivers Assembly Line Gains With NVIDIA Metropolis and Jetson
It all started at Berlin’s Merantix venture studio in 2022, when Silviu Homoceanu and Max Fischer agreed AI could play a big role in improving manufacturing. So the two started Deltia.ai, which runs NVIDIA Metropolis vision AI on NVIDIA Jetson AGX ...

September 04, 2024
Hammer Time: Machina Labs’ Edward Mehr on Autonomous Blacksmith Bots and More
Edward Mehr works where AI meets the anvil. The company he cofounded, Machina Labs, blends the latest advancements in robotics and AI to form metal into countless shapes for use in defense, aerospace, and more. The company’s applications accelerate ...

September 04, 2024
Do the Math: New RTX AI PC Hardware Delivers More AI, Faster
Editor’s note: This post is part of the AI Decoded series, which demystifies AI by making the technology more accessible, and showcases new hardware, software, tools and accelerations for RTX PC users. At the IFA Berlin consumer electronics and home ...

August 29, 2024
NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Event for Financial Community
NVIDIA will present at the following event for the financial community: Goldman Sachs Communacopia + Technology Conference ...

August 29, 2024
From RAG to Richness: Startup Uplevels Retrieval-Augmented Generation for Enterprises
Well before OpenAI upended the technology industry with its release of ChatGPT in the fall of 2022, Douwe Kiela already understood why large language models, on their own, could only offer partial solutions for key enterprise use cases. The young ...

September 19, 2024
‘FINAL FANTASY XVI’ Soars Into the Cloud With GeForce NOW
GeForce NOW makes gamers’ fantasies a reality by bringing top titles to the cloud. This week, the award-winning FINAL FANTASY XVI is available for members to stream at launch. Catch 11 bit studios’ city-survival game Frostpunk 2 before it launches ...

September 19, 2024
Climate Week Forecast: Outlook Improving With AI, Accelerated Computing
All the electricity that powers NVIDIA’s global operations will come from renewable sources by the end of January. It’s the right fuel for the company’s mission: to help customers and partners harness AI and accelerated computing for sustainable ...

September 18, 2024
NVIDIA AI Aerial Launches to Optimize Wireless Networks, Deliver New Generative AI Experiences on One Platform
Telecommunications providers are transforming beyond voice and data services with an AI computing infrastructure to optimize wireless networks and serve the next-generation needs of generative AI on mobile, robots, autonomous vehicles, smart ...

September 18, 2024
How SonicJobs Uses AI Agents to Connect the Internet, Starting with Jobs
Companies in the US spend $15bn annually on talent acquisition. The most important metric in recruitment advertising is the conversion from the paid click on the job platform to the application the employer receives. Industry-wide, apply conversion ...

September 17, 2024
Upgrade Livestreams With Twitch Enhanced Broadcasting and the NVIDIA Encoder
At TwitchCon — a global convention for the Twitch livestreaming platform — livestreamers and content creators this week can experience the latest technologies for accelerating creative workflows and improving video quality. That includes the beta ...

September 17, 2024
New AI Innovation Hub in Tunisia Drives Technological Advancement Across Africa
A new AI innovation hub for developers across Tunisia launched today in Novation City, a technology park that’s designed to cultivate a vibrant, innovation ecosystem in mechatronics — an industry encompassing IT, mechanics and electronics — and to ...

September 12, 2024
GeForce NOW to Bring ‘Dead Rising Deluxe Remaster’ to the Cloud at Launch
Rise and shine — Capcom’s latest action-adventure game, Dead Rising Deluxe Remaster, heads to the cloud at launch next week. It’s part of nine new titles joining the extensive GeForce NOW library. ‘Dead Rising’ Coming Soon Dead Rising Deluxe ...

September 11, 2024
Ready to Roll: Nuro to License Its Autonomous Driving System
To accelerate autonomous vehicle development and deployment timelines, Nuro announced today it will license its Nuro Driver autonomous driving system directly to automakers and mobility providers. The Nuro Driver is built on NVIDIA’s end-to-end ...

September 11, 2024
NVIDIA and Oracle to Accelerate AI and Data Processing for Enterprises
Enterprises are looking for increasingly powerful compute to support their AI workloads and accelerate data processing. The efficiency gained can translate to better returns for their investments in AI training and fine-tuning, and improved user ...

September 11, 2024
AI on the Air: Behind the Scenes at IBC With Holoscan for Media
Launched this week in limited availability, NVIDIA Holoscan for Media is a software-defined, AI-enabled platform that helps developers easily integrate AI into their live media applications and allows media companies to run live media pipelines on ...

October 02, 2024
Brave New World: Leo AI and Ollama Bring RTX-Accelerated Local LLMs to Brave Browser Users
From games and content creation apps to software development and productivity tools, AI is increasingly being integrated into applications to enhance user experiences and boost efficiency.

October 01, 2024
NVIDIA AI Summit DC: Industry Leaders Gather to Showcase AI’s Real-World Impact
NVIDIA’s AI Summit in Washington, set for October 7-9, will gather industry leaders to explore how AI addresses some of society’s most significant challenges. Read Article

September 27, 2024
Bon Voyage: NIO Unveils ONVO L60 Smart Electric SUV, Built on NVIDIA DRIVE Orin
NIO’s smart EV brand, ONVO, has unveiled the L60 flagship mid-size family SUV, built on the NVIDIA DRIVE Orin system-on-a-chip. Earlier this year, the automaker introduced the ONVO brand — which stands for On Voyage — to reinforce its commitment to ...

September 26, 2024
A Whole New World: ‘GreedFall II: The Dying World’ Joins GeForce NOW
Whether looking for a time-traveling adventure, strategic roleplay or epic action, anyone can find something to play on GeForce NOW, with over 2,000 games in the cloud. The GeForce NOW library continues to grow with seven titles arriving this week, ...

September 25, 2024
Decoding How AI Can Accelerate Data Science Workflows
To help data scientists with increasing workload demands, NVIDIA announced that RAPIDS cuDF, a library that allows users to more easily work with data, accelerates the pandas software library with zero code changes.

September 23, 2024
High-Speed AI: Hitachi Rail Advances Real-Time Railway Analysis Using NVIDIA Technology
Hitachi Rail, a global transportation company powering railway systems in over 50 countries, is integrating NVIDIA AI technology to lower maintenance costs for rail operators, reduce train idling time and improve transit reliability for passengers. ...

September 23, 2024
NVIDIA Partners for Globally Inclusive AI in U.S. Government Initiative
NVIDIA is joining the U.S. government’s launch of the Partnership for Global Inclusivity on AI (PGIAI), providing Deep Learning Institute training, GPU credits and hardware and software grants in developing countries. The partnership was announced ...

September 23, 2024
To Save Lives, and Energy, Wellcome Sanger Institute Speeds Cancer Research With NVIDIA Accelerated Computing
The Wellcome Sanger Institute, a key contributor to the international Human Genome Project, is turning to NVIDIA accelerated computing to save energy while saving lives. With one of the world’s largest sequencing facilities, the U.K.-based institute ...

September 20, 2024
Medical Centers Tap AI, Federated Learning for Better Cancer Detection
A committee of experts from top U.S. medical centers and research institutes is harnessing NVIDIA-powered federated learning to evaluate the impact of federated learning and AI-assisted annotation to train AI models for tumor segmentation. Federated ...

September 19, 2024
‘We’ve Fused Signal Processing and AI’: NVIDIA CEO Outlines Future of Telecom at T-Mobile’s Capital Markets Day
In a surprise appearance at T-Mobile’s Capital Markets Day, NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang shared a bold vision for the future of telecommunications. “We’ve fused signal processing and AI,” Huang declared during a fireside chat with T-Mobile ...